An Salampati


Komar Rien Komar Cheh





An salampati nakalupad.





Pero dili nakalangoy an salampati.





An salampati nakatuka.





Pero an salampati dili nakasupa.





An salampati nakalakat.





Pero an salampati dili nakakamang.





An salampati nakahugdon sa sanga.





Pero an salampati di nakakapyot sa sanga san puno.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Henche G. Cañelas, Mary Grace V. Delos Santos, Mary Joy M. Romero, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and

Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Catherine Baruelo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Salampati (Turtle Dove). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: .

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Grace Bartolata Abella, jessica alcantara, Joper Escalante, France katrina Basical, The Busy Pinoy Mom





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 11

Page 14

Page 17

Page 20

Page 23

Page 26

Page 27

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





