Isip! Isip! Napapakain Ka?


Sherein Bansal




Priyanka Kumar





Natatakdag ba ini kun nagalakat?





Nagaparatalibod ba ini na baga’n bentilador hasta na malipong?





Nagasakay ba ini sa urueroplano na papel kag nakikanam sa dampog?





Nagaturog ba sinda pahapon pakatapos magkaon san damo pareho ni Rasu?





Nagatago ba sinda sa bag ni mama kag patago na nagaupod sa iya trabaho?





Nagaikid ba sinda myentras nagahanap san makakaon?





Nagatubo ba sinda na baga’n kamatis kun itanom ni papa?





Nagakintab ba sinda pagnagalabas an mga bituon?





Sinda ba nagakintab kun nagaluwas na an mga bituon?





Pero hulat la! Dili ko mahanap an akon mga ginaisip. Nagtago ba sinda sa idarom san higdaan kay hadlok sa dulom?





“Dili ka mahadlok sa dulom. Okey lang ina kay sa isip mo lang ina.”





Nakaturugan ko na an akon pagaisip.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Aizzel M. Luzong, Vilma Ponferrada, Rolicelia Endrina, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Bonita Lumagas.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Isip! Isip! Napapakain Ka? (Where Do My Thoughts Go?). 			 Author: Sherein Bansal. 			 Illustrator: Priyanka Kumar.

		 			 Published by Pratham Books, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/26021-where-do-my-thoughts-go 			 © Pratham Books. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Ronald Allan Relador, Ma. Lorina G. Cascato, France katrina Basical





Table of Contents


Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 43

Page 46

Page 49

Page 52

Page 55

Page 58

Page 61

Page 62

Page 67

Page 68

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





