Maaram na Ako Magbilang





Ginbuligan ni Noi an iya ama sa pagbutong san lambat.





Damo sinda san nadakop na isda. An iba garagmay pa na isda. Aram ninda na para magdamo pa an mga isda, an daragko na isda lang an dapat ninda kuhaon para kaunon kag ibaligya.





Ginburulag ni Noi an mga isda. An mga daragko, ginbutang niya sa basket. An mga garagmay pa, ginbalik niya sa dagat para magdako pa sinda. Ginkita niya an mga gamay na isda na maglangoy paharayo.





"May unom na daragko na isda, Pa!" sabi ni Noi.

"100pesos an kada usad na dako na isda."





Nagtuna na mag-abot an mga tawo para magbakal san isda.

Usad na lalaki an nagkuha san isda sa basket.

"Hain an tag-iya?" hunga san lalaki.

"Ako an tag-iya," sabat ni Noi.





Naghatag san kwarta an lalaki kan Noi. Ginbilang ini ni Noi, "Singkwenta pesos, siyen?"

Ginkita ni Noi an lalaki kag ginsabihan, "Tiyo, kulang po an ginbayad mo sa akon."





"Ginbakal ko na tanan. Dako na ina na 250," sabat san lalaki.

"Maaram po ako magbilang. Kinahanglan niyo ako bayadan san 600," sabat ni Noi.

"Unom kabilog an isda kag kada usad, siyen pesos."





"Maayo pa ibalik mo na lang an kwarta ko," sabat san lalaki, lag ginbalik niya an isda kan Noi.





"Pa, habo magbayad san tama an lalaki," sabi Noi na nagahutik.

Nagsabat an ama ni Noi, "May mabakal man sana na iba. Ayaw kahandal. An importante maaram na magbilang an anak ko. Makusog pa an buot na mag-istorya."





Dili nagdugay, may nag-abot na usad na pamilya kag nagkita san inda baligya na isda. "Pa, baga amo na po ini na mga tawo an mabakal san aton mga isda," hutik ni Noi.





Children need books with characters, themes, and settings that reflect and affirm their lives and provide opportunities to explore the world. The Asia Foundation's Let's Read initiative builds networks of book creators and translators to develop an unprecedented digital library of local-language children's books that provides meaningful reading opportunities. The Let's Read storybook platform is accessible at: https://letsreadasia.org/

Let's Read in Timor-Leste provides children with the opportunity to fall in love with reading and improve literacy levels. The Asia Foundation in Timor-Leste collaborates with Timorese book creators and translators and the Ministry of Education to develop local stories with positive messages and distribute books to children in rural areas. Our partnership with Timor Telecom enables Timor Telecom mobile customers to read books free of data charges on Let’sRead at: https://single.letsreadasia.org





Brought to you by



Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

booksforasia.org

To read more books like this and get further information, visit

letsreadasia.org.

Original Story

			Ha’u Hatene Konta (I Know How to Count ), Author: Milena da Silva. Illustrator: .

Published by , https://www.letsreadasia.org © . Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

This work is a modified version of the original story. © The Asia Foundation, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

Contributing translators:





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





