Ang Akon Pula nga Palda





“Tyempo na para mag ilis,” hambal sang tatay sang babayi.

“Kinanglan ko sang masuksuk nga bayo,” sabat sa babayi.





“ay! Amo man ni costume sang akon maistra”





“Amu ni ang akon police officer nga costume.”





“Wow! Amu ni ang mga costume ko nga pang suldado.”





“Amu ni ang akon costume sa pagka nurse kag pagka doctor.”





“Amu ni ang costume ko nga pang bombero.”





“Amu ni ang mga uniporme ko sa eskwelahan.”





“Boo-hoo-hoo! Diin na akon pula nga palda?”





“Ari di ang pula mo nga palda,” hambal sang utod nga lalaki sang babayi.





“Nakailis na ko kag pwede na ko lagaw.”





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ang Akon Pula nga Palda (My Red Skirt). 			 Author: ສຸກສະດາ ສຸດທິໄຊ. 			 Illustrator: Khamphasone Sihapanya. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Aphrodite Ober





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 12

Page 13

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





