Ang Dungol nga Millipede


ທ. ໃຈເພັດ, ທ. ເອກບັນດິດ, ທ. ອັກຄະນີ, ນ. ເພັດມະນີ ແລະ ທ. ບຸນປະເສີດ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມມີໄຊ




Khamphasone Sihapanya





Madamo sing mga tiil ang millipede.





Pula ang duag sang Millpede.





Nagpalapit ang Millipede sa ido.





Nahadlok ang ido sa millipede.





Nagdalagan palayo ang ido.





Nagpalapit ang millipede sa manok.





Wala nakulbaan ang manok sa millipede.





Ginlagas sang manok ang millipede.





Nakulbaan ang millipede kag nagbarikutot ini asta nga nangin bilog kaangay sang bola.





Sang naglakat na ang manok, nagsaka sa kahoy ang millipede.





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

		booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ang Dungol nga Millipede (Naughty Millipede). 			 Author: ທ. ໃຈເພັດ, ທ. ເອກບັນດິດ, ທ. ອັກຄະນີ, ນ. ເພັດມະນີ ແລະ ທ. ບຸນປະເສີດ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມມີໄຊ. 			 Illustrator: Khamphasone Sihapanya.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2023. Some rights reserved.

		 			Contributing translators: Orland Solis, Karl Louise Paragsa





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





