Ang Kuneho kag and Ido


ທ. ມົນໄທ, ທ. ບິກໂຊ, ທ. ສິນໄຊ, ນ. ທິບພະຈັນ ແລະ ນ. ພອນພະຈັນ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນສ້າງຄູ້.




Anouphong





Ang Kuneho kag Ido maayo nga mag-amigohay.





Ang Kuneho kag Ido naghampang nga malipayon.





Ang Kuneho ginkantahan ang Ido.





Ang Kuneho nagpatukar sang Khaen samtang ang Ido gasaot.

Ang Khaen isa ka Mouth Organ na himo sa kawayan. Ini nga instrumento naghalin sa Laos kag nakilala sa Southeast Asia.





Ang Ido nagpatukar sang Gitara para sa Kuneho.





Ang Kuneho kag Ido nagpanglagas sang mga Alibangbang.





Ang Kuneho kag Ido naningit sang prutas para makaon.





Ang Kuneho kag Ido namulot sang madamo nga Prutas.





Ang Kuneho kag Ido nagpahuway-huway.





Ang Kuneho kag ang Ido nagpauli na sa ila balay.





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ang Kuneho kag and Ido (Rabbit and Dog). 			 Author: ທ. ມົນໄທ, ທ. ບິກໂຊ, ທ. ສິນໄຊ, ນ. ທິບພະຈັນ ແລະ ນ. ພອນພະຈັນ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນສ້າງຄູ້.. 			 Illustrator: Anouphong. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2022. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Fred Hipolito





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





