Ang mga insekto sa amon barangay





May ara na sari-sari nga mga insekto sa amon barangay





May ara nga matahom nga alibang bang na may&nbsp; lain lain nga mga duag.





Ang mga alibang bang malipayon nga nga lupad lupad sa palibot





Kag Ang buyog naga inom sang matam'is nga dugos sang kabulakan.





Kag Ang tibakla nga ga&nbsp; panginaon sang humay





Kag ang grupo sang mga subay nga ga lukdo sang pagkaon





Ang grupo sang&nbsp; mga subay ga parada sang isa lang ka linya





Ang tumbak tumbak nga nag hapon sa lable sang kuryente





Kag ang sirum sirum nga ga kanta sang matahom nga ambahanon sa sanga sang kahoy





Kag ang tanan nga mga insekto gakalipay kag ga sinaot&nbsp;





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ang mga insekto sa amon barangay (Insects in my village). 			 Author: ທ. ມົນໄທ, ທ. ບິກໂຊ, ທ. ສິນໄຊ, ນ. ທິບພະຈັນ ແລະ ນ. ພອນພະຈັນ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນສ້າງຄູ້.. 			 Illustrator: Saotoula Khounphomxay. 			 Editor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://letsreadasia.org/ 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Rfrancis roquero





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





