Mag-isip kita sang Batiis


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Meas SovannaraI





May duha ka mga batiis ang pispis.





May duha man ka mga batiis ang tulabong.





May apat ka mga batiis ang baka.





May apat man ka mga batiis ang elepante.





May anum ka mga batiis ang kikik.





May anum man ka mga batiis ang aninipot.





May walo ka mga kamoy ang damang.





May walo man ka mga kamoy ang pugita.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, DepEd Regional Office VI, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino & MTB-MLE Regional Focal Person, Dymphna Liezel G. Jocson, PSDS, SDO Iloilo City, Arthur J. Cotimo, EPS-LRMS, SDO Guimaras, Micron Rey Fuego, Master Teacher II, SDO Iloilo City, Juvy Baranda, Principal II, SDO Capiz City, and Lilibeth Larupay, EPS, SDO Iloilo, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Mag-isip kita sang Batiis (Let's Count Legs). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Meas SovannaraI.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2020. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kit Atienza

		 			Signer: Kumar Regmi





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





