Paano Nakuha sang Mga Insekto ang Ila Duag


ສຸກສະດາ ສຸດທິໄຊ




ຄຳພະສອນ ສີຫາປັນຍາ





"Kadto ta sa hardin, mga abyan," panghagad sang alibangbang.





"Hala! Kadamo sang mga bulk!" siling sang alibangbang. "Tani pareho kita kamaduagon sa ila."





"Isa ako ka asul," siling sang kikik.





"Duag-pula ako," siling sang tumbaktombak.





"Duag-yellow ako," siling sang buyog.





"Impunon ko ang duag pula kag yellow," siling sang bagangan.

"Nangin duag-orange ako. Isa ako ka orange.:





"Impunon ko ang duag-asul kag yellow," pahayag sang tibakla. "Subong isa ako ka berde. Berde ang akon duag."





"Impunon ko ang mga duag nga pula kag asul," siling sang alibangbang. "Mahimo ako nga duag tapol. Subong, isa ako ka duag-tapol."





"Luyag ko nga mangin maduagon kaangay sang akon mga abyan," siling sang ulod.





"Indi ina mabudlay," siling sang buyog. "Buligan ka namon."





"Hala! Pito ang akon duag," malipayon nga siling sang ulod.





"Yehey! Tanan kita ang may matahum nga duag."





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Paano Nakuha sang Mga Insekto ang Ila Duag (How the Insects Got Their Colors). 			 Author: ສຸກສະດາ ສຸດທິໄຊ. 			 Illustrator: ຄຳພະສອນ ສີຫາປັນຍາ. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2023. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Orland Solis





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





