Sin-o ang Mabulig sa Akon?


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




El Huyno





Gusto ko magbasa sang libro.





Wala ako sang libro.





Madrowing ako, kag buligan ako ni Tatay sa pagdrowing sang laragway.





Mangduag ako, kag si Nanay naman ang manggunting sang mga laragway.





Manggunting ako sang mga laragway, kag si Lola ang mangpilit sini.





Ipapilit ko ang laragway kag buligan ako ni Lolo magsulat sang istorya.





Isulat ko ang istorya, kag buligan ako ni Manong sa pagtapik sang mga pahina.





May libro na ako subong. Basahon naton ang libro!





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, DepEd Regional Office VI, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino & MTB-MLE Regional Focal Person, Dymphna Liezel G. Jocson, PSDS, SDO Iloilo City, Arthur J. Cotimo, EPS-LRMS, SDO Guimaras, Micron Rey Fuego, Master Teacher II, SDO Iloilo City, Juvy Baranda, Principal II, SDO Capiz City, and Lilibeth Larupay, EPS, SDO Iloilo, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Sin-o ang Mabulig sa Akon? (Who Can Help Me?). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: El Huyno.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2020. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Daisy Rosano



		 			Narrator: Kyle Barker





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 12

Page 14

Page 16

Page 18

Page 20

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





