Ang Pagpamakal


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Be Chharya





Dali run lang ang abre-klase!





Nag-agto si Sophy sa baraklan kang mga libro.





Nagbakal si Sophy kang lima ka bilog nga libro sa pagsulat.





Nagbakal si Sophy kang apat ka bilog nga libro sa pagbasa.





Nagbakal si Sophy kang tatlo ka bilog nga asul nga ballpen.





Nagbakal si Sophy kang darwa ka kahon kang chalk.





Nagbakal si Sophy kang sangka bag.





Handa run si Sophy para sa abre-klase!





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Amy Fe Pagunsan, Francisco Misajon Jr. and Dream Rose Malayo, and field tested by Meribel Dollolasa.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ang Pagpamakal (It is Shopping Time). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Be Chharya.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: rpdo Research, Linda Lee





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 13

Page 17

Page 21

Page 25

Page 29

Page 33

Page 37

Page 38

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





