Ang Tarotaro sa Amun Hardin





Ang Tarotaro

Ang tarotaro naga estar sa amun hardin. Ang anang obra nagakaun lang sa halin sa aga hasta sa hapon.





Nagakaun tana kon naga init.





Nagakaun man tana bisan nagauran.





Ginakaun na ang mga dahon.





Ginakaun na man ang mga bunga.





Ginakaun na ang mais sa hardin ni nanay.





Mga Giya sa Pagtuon

1. Sa diin naga istar ang tarotaro?

2. Kun san-o naga kaun ang tarotaro?

3. Ano ang ginakaun kang tarotaro?

4. Wanhaw nga naugot si nanay? Ano tana imo nabatyagan?

Orubrahon

Druwinga ang tarotaro sa inyo hardin.





Bilum Books publishes quality educational resources for schools in Papua New Guinea. Our publishing priority is literacy. Our commitment is to help raise the standards by producing quality books at reasonable prices and in line with the PNG Department of Education Syllabus. Bilum Books runs teacher-training workshops to assist the professional development of Elementary teachers, in particular.

Visit our website: www.bilumbooks.com or Facebook.

Submit Translation&nbsp;





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ang Tarotaro sa Amun Hardin (Caterpillar Lives in Our Garden). 			 Author: Tandi Jackson. 			 Illustrator: Michael John.

		 			 Published by , 			http://bilumbooks.com/ 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: dolorosa pajarillo





Table of Contents


Page 14

Page 15

Page 16

Page 17

Page 18

Page 19

Page 20

Page 21

Page 22

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





