Dali, Malupad Kita!


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Sorn Srey Nuch





Ang maya makalupad.

Ang pikoy makalupad.





Ang kabayo indi makalupad.





Ang langaw makalupad.

Ang kikik makalupad.





Ang suksuk indi makalupad.





Ang bukaw makalupad.

Ang pelican makalupad.





Ang amo indi makalupad.





Ang tulabong makalupad.

Ang dulungan makalupad.





Ang leon indi makalupad.





Ang morogmon makalupad.

Ang lamok makalupad.





Ang karnero indi makalupad.





Sa pira ka adlaw, malupad kita.





Gusto ko man maglupad.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Editha Gipal, Jezreel Bantolo and Melchie Caduada, and field tested by Efren Suriaga.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Dali, Malupad Kita! (Let's Fly). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Sorn Srey Nuch.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jose Edison Tondares, Hazel May Altar, Linda Lee

		 			Signer: Garima Bhattarai





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 14

Page 18

Page 22

Page 26

Page 30

Page 34

Page 38

Page 42

Page 46

Page 50

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





