Kuneho kag Ayam





Suud nga mag-abyan si Kuneho kag si Ayam.





Masidyahun nga nagasipal sanday Kuneho kag Ayam.





Ginakantahan ni Kuneho si Ayam.





Nagatukar kang khaen si Kuneho samtang nagasaot si Ayam.

* Ang khaen sangka instrumento sa musika nga human sa kawayan. Ang diya nga instrumento halin sa Laos kag kilala sa Southeast Asia.





Ginatukaran ni Ayam kang gitara si Kuneho





Nagapanglagas kang mga alibangbang sanday Kuneho kag Ayam.





Nagapamuksi sanday Kuneho kag Ayam kang mga karan-un nga prutas.





Raku nga mga prutas ang ginapamuksi nanday Rabbit kag Ayam.





Nagaturog si Kuneho kag si Ayam.





Nag-uli sanday Kuneho kag Ayam.





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Kuneho kag Ayam (Rabbit and Dog). 			 Author: ທ. ມົນໄທ, ທ. ບິກໂຊ, ທ. ສິນໄຊ, ນ. ທິບພະຈັນ ແລະ ນ. ພອນພະຈັນ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນສ້າງຄູ້.. 			 Illustrator: Anouphong. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: grace pastolero, Quintin Atienza





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





