Lagaw sa Hardin


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




El Huyno





Amo dya si Renato, ang robot nga bata nga lalaki.

Amo dya si Rona, ang ana nga robot nga nanay.





Nagalagaw sanda sa hardin.





Nakita bala ni Renato ang puno kang calachuchi?

Nakita ni Renato ang puno kang calachuchi.





Gin-isip ni Renato kag Nanay Rona ang mga puno kang calachuchi. “Isara, darwa.”





Nakita bala ni Renato ang mga pispis?

Nakita ni Renato ang mga pispis.





Gin-isip ni Renato kag Nanay Rona ang mga pispis. “Isara, darwa, tatlo.”





Nakita bala ni Renato ang mga alibangbang?

Nakita ni Renato ang mga alibangbang.





Gin-isip ni Renato kag Nanay Rona ang mga alibangbang. “Isara, darwa, tatlo, apat.”





Nakita bala ni Renato ang mga plastic bag?

Nakita ni Renato ang mga plastic bag.





Gin-isip ni Renato kag Nanay Rona ang mga plastic bag. “Isara, darwa, tatlo, apat, lima.”





Nakita bala ni Renato ang mga basurahan?

Nakita ni Renato ang mga basurahan.





Ginpamurot ni Renato ang mga plastic bag kag ginbutang sa basurahan.





Nangin mayad ang paglagaw-lagaw nanday Renato kag Nanay Rona sa hardin.

Nakatuon si Renato mag-isip kag nakabulig pa tana limpiyo sa palibot.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by May Glenn Siacor, Aurelio Odiong and Sarah Michelle Nietes, and field tested by Mia Feline Carlos.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Lagaw sa Hardin (Walking in the Garden). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: El Huyno.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Hazel May Altar, rpdo Research, Linda Lee

		 			Signer: Kumar Regmi





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





