Ligid


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Khiev Sothina





Ang baso makaligid.

Ang botelya makaligid man.





Ang tinidor indi makaligid.





Ang bola kang football makaligid.

Ang bola kang takraw makaligid man.





Ang raket indi makaligid.





Ang lansones makaligid.

Ang atis makaligid man.





Ang saging indi makaligid.





Ang tubo makaligid.

Ang balde makaligid man.





Ang silhig indi makaligid.





Ang kamatis makaligid.

Ang rabanos makaligid man.





Ang luy-a indi makaligid.





Sa pira ka adlaw masarangan man natun magligid.





Gusto man namun magligid.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by May Glenn Siacor, Aurelio Odiong and Sarah Michelle Nietes, and field tested by Mia Feline Carlos.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ligid (Rolling). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Khiev Sothina.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: rpdo Research





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





