Maagto Sanda sa Uma


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Meng Sok Pheng





Sa diin maagto si Dina?





Sa diin maagto si Dara?

Ginsundan ni Dara ang ana nga baka.





Sa diin maagto ang baka?

Ginasundan kang baka ang pispis nga Sayasaya.





Sa diin maagto ang pispis nga Sayasaya?

Ginasundan kang pispis nga Sayasaya ang ayam.





Sa diin maagto ang ayam?

Ginasundan kang ayam ang sawa.





Sa diin maagto ang sawa?

Ginalagas kang sawa ang pangka.





Sa diin maagto ang pangka?

Nagalumpat-lumpat ang pangka paagto sa uma.





Sa diin sanda tanan maagto?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Leticia Arevalo, Phoenix Allanah Zandria Tordesillas and Bernadette Ordinario, and field tested by Connie Villaflor.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Maagto Sanda sa Uma (They Go to the Field). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Meng Sok Pheng.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jose Edison C. Tondares





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 13

Page 15

Page 17

Page 19

Page 21

Page 22

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





