Maisip Kita!


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Sorn Srey Nuch





Walo ka mga kikik





Pito ka mga alibangbang





Anum ka mga pato





Lima ka mga otters





Apat ka mga kabayo





Tatlo ka mga baka





Darwa ka mga leon





Isara ka elepante





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by May Glenn Siacor, Aurelio Odiong and Sarah Michelle Nietes, and field tested by Febe Domingo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Maisip Kita! (Simple Counting). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Sorn Srey Nuch.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: rpdo Research





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 11

Page 14

Page 17

Page 20

Page 23

Page 26

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





