Maisip Kita kang mga Kahig!


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Meas SovannaraI





May darwa ka kahig ang maya.





May darwa man ka kahig ang tulabong.





May apat ka kahig ang baka.





May apat man ka kahig ang elepante.





May anum ka kahig ang kikik.





May anum man ka kahig ang iput-iput.





May walo ka kahig ang damang.





May walo man ka kahig ang pugita.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by May Glenn Siacor, Aurelio Odiong and Sarah Michelle Nietes, and field tested by Cherry Pie Peralta.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Maisip Kita kang mga Kahig! (Let's Count Legs). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Meas SovannaraI.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jose Edison Tondares, Hazel May Altar, Linda Lee

		 			Signer: Kumar Regmi





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 13

Page 17

Page 21

Page 25

Page 29

Page 33

Page 37

Page 38

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





