Makatumbo Bala ang Bibi?


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Ty Sovan Panha





Ang bibi makalangoy,

pero indi makatumbo.





Ang pangka makatumbo,

pero indi makalupad.





Ang alibangbang makalupad,

pero indi makadalagan.





Ang kabayo makadalagan,

pero indi makadahog.





Ang sawa makadahog,

pero indi makapanaw.





Ang manok makapanaw,

pero indi makakamang.





Ang lapsag makakamang,

pero indi pa makalangoy.





Tanan nga mga sapat, may kinaiya sa paghulag.

Sanda makalangoy, makatumbo, makalupad, makadahog, makapanaw, kag makakamang.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Rea Veñegas, Remiflor Paguntalan and Mark Joseph Salinog, and field tested by Charito Train.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Makatumbo Bala ang Bibi? (Can Duck Jump?). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Ty Sovan Panha.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: rpdo Research





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 13

Page 17

Page 21

Page 25

Page 29

Page 33

Page 37

Page 38

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





