Masadya nga Adlaw ni Kit kag ni Kat





Aga pa nagbugtaw si Kit kag si Kat





Ginhimus ni Kit kag ni Kit ang anda binatangan.





Nagrigos si Kit kag si Kat.





Ginlimpyohan ni Kit kag ni Kat ang andang unto.





Nagpamahaw si Kit kag si Kat..





Nag eskwela si Kit kag si Kat.





Nagbasa ka libro si Kit kag si Kat.





Nagpaindid indis dalagan si Kit kag si Kat imaw kang andang mga amigo kag amiga.





Nagabulig si Kit kag si Kat sa obra sa panimalay.





Palangga gid ni Kit kag ni Kat si Nanay kag si Tatay.





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Masadya nga Adlaw ni Kit kag ni Kat (A Good Day for Brother and Sister). 			 Author: . 			 Illustrator: . 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2022. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jocelyn Morales, Reynald Ocampo





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





