Nagatanum Kang Paray Ang Pamilya Uwak





Ang pamilya uwak naga-uli sa baryo.





Amu ja ang tion para mananum kang paray.

Gin-arado kang uwak ang taramnan.





Nagsabwag ka binhi si Uwak kag anang pamilya.





Nagtubo ang mga binhi kang paray.

Ginpamunlot kang mga uwak ang mga nagtubo nga paray para sayluhon.





Mahalong nga ginsaylo kang mga uwak ang paray sa kada taramnan.





Sa mga nagligad nga bulan. Puno dun ka gurang nga mga paray ang taramnan.





Gin-ani kang mga uwak ang paray.&nbsp;





Ginhakot kang mga uwak ang mga paray sa taramnan.&nbsp;





Ginpamuol kang mga uwak ang mga paray sa anang mga uway. Dayon ginbulad kang mga uwak ang mga paray.&nbsp;





Ginbayo kang mga uwak ang mga paray.

Agud maapi ang labhang sa mga paray.&nbsp;





Gintipon kang mga uwak ang mga paray sa tabungos.&nbsp;





Puwerti kahamot nga dapug.

Ang bag-o nga tinig-ang hamot gid kamayad.&nbsp;





Dali, dali, dali.

Tirawi ninyo ang mahamot nga kan-un imaw kang pamilya ni Uwak.&nbsp;





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Nagatanum Kang Paray Ang Pamilya Uwak (The Crow Family Grows Rice). 			 Author: ສຸກພະຈັນ ໄຊເສນາ. 			 Illustrator: ບານ່າ. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: jepoy mahalaga





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Page 15

Page 16

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





