Paano Nabuol kang mga Insekto ang Anda nga Kolor





"Dali mga abyan, agto kita rugto sa hardin kang kabulakan" hambal kang alibangbang.





"Oy! Duro-duro bulak ba!" hambal kang alibangbang. " Dapat mangin kaangay natun sanda nga madinuagun ang kolor.





"Asul takun," hambal kang kikik.





"Pula takun," hambal kang tumbak-tumbak.





&nbsp;"Darag takun," hambal kang buyog.





"Ginsamo ko ang pula kag darag," hambal kang bagangan. "Naghimu tana kahel. Kahel run takun.





" Ginsamo ko ang asul kag darag," hambal kang tumbakla. "Naghimu tana lunhaw. Kaja, lunhaw rn takun.





"Ginsamo ko ang pula kag asul," hambal kang alibangbang. "Naghimu tana ube. Kaja, ube run takun.





Gusto ko man nga madinuagun man akun kolor patas kang akun mga abyan." hambal kang taru-taru.





"Tawhay lang ra," hambal kang mga buyog. "Buligan kaw namun."





"Oy! Pito akun kolor," hambal kang taru-taru.





"Kruhaay! Nami-nami atun kolor tanan."





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Paano Nabuol kang mga Insekto ang Anda nga Kolor (How the Insects Got Their Colors). 			 Author: ສຸກສະດາ ສຸດທິໄຊ. 			 Illustrator: ຄຳພະສອນ ສີຫາປັນຍາ. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Karl John Secando





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 15

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





