Sa Diin Sanda Nag-agto?


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Chhoun Sambath





Nag-agto sa siripalan si Kring-kring.





Nagkitaay sanday Kringkring kag Pipip.





Nag-agto si Pipip sa estasyon kang tren.





Nagkitaay sanday Pipip kag Tsuutsuu.





Nag-agto si Tsuutsuu sa taramnan.





Nagkitaay sanday Tsuutsuu kag Broombroom.





Nag-agto si Broombroom sa Siem Reap, Cambodia.





Nagkitaay sanday Broombroom kag Zoomzoom.

Iririmaw nga nag-agto sa Siem Reap, Cambodia ang lima ka magamiguhay.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Rea Veñegas, Remiflor Paguntalan and Mark Joseph Salinog and field tested by Karen Mae Juanich.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Sa Diin Sanda Nag-agto? (Where Do They Go?). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Chhoun Sambath.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: rpdo Research





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





