Si Alibangbang kag si Dulungan


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Sin Thuokna





Gamay si Alibangbang sangsa kay Bagangan.





Gamay si Bagangan sangsa kay Lagsing.





Gamay si Lagsing sangsa kay Pikoy.





Gamay si Pikoy sangsa kay Bukaw.





Bahul-bahul si Dulungan sa tanan.





Gamay-gamay si Alibangbang sa tanan.





Tanan sanda makalupad.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Editha Gipal, Jezreel Bantolo and Melchie Caduada, and field tested by Charito Train.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Si Alibangbang kag si Dulungan (Butterfly and Hornbill). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Sin Thuokna.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Crisanto Miranda, Jose Edison Tondares





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 13

Page 17

Page 21

Page 25

Page 29

Page 33

Page 34

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





