Si Tata kag Si Toto


Ratna Kusuma Halim




Ratna Kusuma Halim





May lago nga rapit sa kahig ni Toto.

Namit!





Gintuka ni Tata ang lago.

Para kay Tata, tana ang una nga nakakita ka dya.





Indi pagbuy-an ni Toto ang lago.





Ipamangkot nanda kay Nanay Manok kun kay sin-o dapat matupa ang lago.





Hala! Isara sa mga pisu ang kinahanglan mag-atras.

Nagbais liwat sanda.





Nagpaayon si Tata.

Nakalampuwas sanda sa puno kang kamatis.





Hala!

Nahulog si Toto sa buho.





Paano tana makaguwa?

Indi man pagbuy-an ni Tata ang lago.





Tungud sa anda nga pagbutungay, nakaguwa si Toto sa buho.





Nagsaka si Tata sa gamot kang kahoy.





Nahulog si Tata.





Ang lago nga ginaagawan nanda, nautod.





“Nanay, lantawa! Parehas kami nga may lago,” hambal ka mga pisu.





Nag-ambitanay sanday Tata kag Toto kang lago.

Manamit ang anda ginpamahaw.





Ang dyang libro ginhuman sa paghanas nga ginbuylogan kang Litara Foundation, Faculty of Arts and Design Bandung Institute of Technology, kag The Asia Foundation. Ang paghanas kag pagpaugwad propesyunal abay ang editing kag disenyo kang libro nga dya ginpatuman kang Litara Foundation.

Ang Litara Foundation sang ka nonprofit organization nga nagatuyo kang pagpasanyog kang literasiya kag mga istorya pangbata sa Indonesia. Sa iban pa nga impormasyon, bisitahi ang: http://litara.or.id/





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Rea Veñegas, Remiflor Paguntalan and Mark Joseph Salinog, and field tested by Efren Suriaga.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Si Tata kag Si Toto (Tata and Titi). 			 Author: Ratna Kusuma Halim. 			 Illustrator: Ratna Kusuma Halim.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jose Edison Tondares, Hazel May Altar, Linda Lee





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Page 15

Page 16

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





