Tagu-taguay


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Meas Sovannara and Meas SovannaraI





Si Dodi kaimaw ka ana nga nanay, nagasipal kang tagu-taguay.





Nakakita tana kang pito ka mga basket,





anum ka mga flower vase,





lima ka mga shuttlecock,





apat ka mga pantalon,





tatlo ka mga kudyapi,





darwa ka mga alima,





kag isara ka nanay!





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Leticia Arevalo, Phoenix Allanah Zandria Tordesillas and Bernadette Ordinario, and field tested by Eden Fe Tandoy.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Tagu-taguay (Hide-and-Seek). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Meas Sovannara, Meas SovannaraI.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			http://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: rpdo Research

		 			Signer: Lasata Maharjan





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 13

Page 17

Page 21

Page 25

Page 29

Page 33

Page 37

Page 41

Page 42

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





