A Alibangbang saka Kalaw


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Sin Thuokna





A alibangbang mas sadit kesa uang.





A uang mas sadit kesa sa rignos.





A rignos mas sadit kesa loro.





A loro mas sadit kesa kuwaw.





Kalaw a pinakadakulo.





Alibangbang man a pinakasadit.





Ngamin sira tattaong maglayog.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado, Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Ma. Elizabeth Lagatic, Amie Bolalin, and Joanne Gariplan, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management

Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Jane Tabarangao.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			A Alibangbang saka Kalaw (Butterfly and Hornbill). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Sin Thuokna.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Gigi V. Severo, Kent Patrick De Lima, charles bolival, Reynald Ocampo, Kharl Requinala





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 10

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 24

Page 26

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





