A Pamilya Namo


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Chan Pisey





Kadakol ka gigibowon namo nguwan na aldow.

Ngamin gustong magtabang.





Nagtatabang si Nanay sa pag-imo ku pagkaon.





Nagtatabang si Tatay sa pagpabutog ku lobo.





Nagtatabang si Manoy sa pag-usay ku lobo.





Nagtatabang si Lola sa pag-usay ku mga bado.





Nagtatabang si Lolo sa pagbiste ku bisikleta.





Natatabang si Tiyo sa pag-usay ku mga regalo.





Kumpleanyo kaya ku ngod ko nguwan.

Malanggayon ka selebrasyon!





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Eda Dato, Edna Blazado, Karen Bobis, and Jane Tabarangao, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Annabelle Relativo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			A Pamilya Namo (Our Family). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Chan Pisey.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Ali Vince Robosa, Higino Penones, Reynald Ocampo, elvin Amaro, sarahxmarion

		 			Signer: Samyukta Shrestha





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





