Amo di si Pay Sam


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Meth Phearum





Amo di si Pay Sam.





Nag-iiray si Pay Sam sa unom na aparador.





Iniiray pa ni Pay Sam su limang ulaan.





Naggagamit si Pay Sam sa upat na lagadi.





Naggagamit si Pay Sam sa tolong martilyo.





Naggagamit si Pay Sam sa darwang patok.





Iniiray man ni Pay Sam a usad na relo.





1 relo

2 patok

3 martilyo

4 lagadi

5 ulaan

6 aparador





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Joselito Baracena, Sofia Baile, Eugene Brisenio, and Anthony Ababa, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V -

Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Nelgie Ibarreta.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Amo di si Pay Sam (This is Uncle Som). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Meth Phearum.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Rica Mae V. Llaga, Reynald Ocampo

		 			Signer: Niraj Acharya





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





