Bilangon Ta Tiil


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Meas SovannaraI





Agko darwang tiil a bayong.





Darwa man a tiil ka talaod.





Upat a tiil ka baka.





Upat man a tiil ka elepante.





Unom a tiil ka kiritkirit.





Unom man a tiil ka aninipot.





Walo tiil ka kulagbaw.





Walo man a tiii lka pugita.





This book was adapted as part of ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia

Foundation (TAF), SIL LEAD, and Florida State University (FSU). This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Eda Dato, Edna Blazado, Karen Bobis, and Jane Tabarangao, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). This book was field tested by Glenda Coronel.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Bilangon Ta Tiil (Let's Count Legs). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Meas SovannaraI.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jacobito Botor, Higino Penones, elvin Amaro

		 			Signer: Kumar Regmi





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





