Bulawan na Sapatos


HerStory Foundation




Jeetu Ahmed





Tinawan ako ni Lola sa bulawan na sapatos para ka bertdey ko.





Isinurat niya sa kard:

“Makangangalas na sapatos adi. Gibo adi sa saluyot. Bulawan ading duot na nagtutubo sa pinagdakul-an namong lugar. Dadarawon ika kadi maski sari mo gustong mag-iyan saka ipauuli man sana ika kadi. Dawa sari ika mag-iyan, migtagak ika sa magayon na gira ka tiil mo.





Diri ko nagustuwan su sapatos. Buko ading makolor saka di man ako napalalangkaw kadi. A ibang igin agko sapatos na mga nagsisilaw. Agko ako sapatos na gibo sa saluyot.





Usad na aldow, pauli na ko galin sa eskwelan, nalagalag ako kaya

kaipwanan kong bumalik sa kin sari ako galin. Mantang nag-aagi ko, nabayad ko su mga gira ko sa raran, iginiya ako kadi na makabalik kin sari ako galin.





Naintindiyan ko na kin tauno ta niregaluwan ako sa sapatos na adi.

Agko magayon na takon a sapatos ko. Pirmi akong ginigiyan na makapauli. Gusto ko ading bulawan kong sapatos.





Ading kinaban nagtatao kanato sa ngamin na kaipwanan ta tanganing mabuway - tubig, pagkaon, angin saka mga materyales na gamit sa paggibo sa bado saka baloy. A saluyot, bistadong Bulawan Ka Bengal, agko sadit na girang karbon na pwedeng gamiton tanganing makagibo maski uno, puon sa sapatos, sa botas, sa tsaa.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado, Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Ma. Elizabeth Lagatic, Amie Bolalin, and Joanne Gariplan, and was approved for publishing by the Department of

Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource

Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Mary Ann de San Juan.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Bulawan na Sapatos (Gold Shoes). 			 Author: HerStory Foundation. 			 Illustrator: Jeetu Ahmed.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Gigi V. Severo, Kent Patrick De Lima, Kharl Requinala





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 10

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 20

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





