Espesyal na Regalo ki Ling


Lauren Hansu




Lauren Hansu





Bertdey ko nguwan! Unom na taon na ako. Sabi ni Mama, espesyal a aldow na adi para kanako. Tauno raw?





Hmmm...Agko ako napaparong na maamot sa kusina.

Nagluluto raw si Mama sa masiram na pagkaon?





Naggigibo si Mama sa kadakol na pansit, na dati man adi niyang ginigibo. Agko gayod mingyaring malaka espesyal. Uno raw an?





Nagbibitin man si Papa sa magagayon na parol, pero naggigibo sana man iya kan kin Chinese New Year. Siguro agko talaga espesyal na mingyari. Uno raw an?





Agko si Mama mga ilinuog sa pridyeder. Espesyal raw kaya adto?





Wow! Laka d akulo ng keyk!





Espesyal a keyk. Pero agko man ako keyk sa kada pag bebertdey ko. Agko gayod talaga espesyal na mingyari. Uno raw an?





Sabi ni Mama, magsupong ako sa pinakamagayon na bestida saka inusay niya sa maray su bok ko. Pirmi man niya ading ginigibo pag bertdey ko. Agko gayod talaga espesyal na mingyari. Uno raw an?





Ding Dong!

Agko tawo san pirtan?





Uy! Kadakol na tawo!





Isadi ngamin su mga kangayamon ko!

Agko ko party!





Nguwan, espesyal a bertdey ko.





Gigi V. Severo





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado, Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Ma. Elizabeth Lagatic, Amie Bolalin, Joanne Gariplan, Franlie Ramos-Corporal and Salvacion Magistrado, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Jane Tabarangao.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Espesyal na Regalo ki Ling (Ling's Special Gift). 			 Author: Lauren Hansu. 			 Illustrator: Lauren Hansu. 			 Editor: Riama Maslan Sihombing, Eva Y. Nukman, EorG.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Gigi V. Severo, Kent Patrick De Lima, Kharl Requinala





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





