Iba-ibang Baloy


All Children Reading - Cambodia




Meth Phearum





Gibo sa kawayan a baloy ko.

Kaabay ka alangkaw kong baloy a mga kawoy.





Gibo sa kawoy a baloy ko na ababa sana.

Nagtitinda si Amay sagkod si Apay sadto baloy.





Gibo sa kawoy a baloy ko na a atop gibo sa tisa. Pirmi akong nagngangayamon sadto sirong ka baloy.





Gibo sa semento su baba ka baloy namo. Sadto baloy ko nagtitinda si

mamay sa prutas.





Gibo man sa semento a baloy ko, pero sa ibabang mano.

Nagbukas si mamay sa patayian sadto ikarwang mano ku baloy ko.





Gibo sa kawoy su itaas ku baloy ko saka semento sa ibaba.

Nagbukas sa talyer su ngod ko sadto ibaba ku baloy ko.





Gibo sa kawoy na nakalutow sa tubig a baloy ko. Pwedeng manrako sa isura pirmi.





Agko iba-ibang klase sa baloy sadi nasyon ta.

Ono a itsura ka baloy mo?





Unong baloy a halos kasinglangkaw ka kawoy?

Unong klaseng baloy a pwedeng magbukas sa patahian?

Isi mo kin gibo sa uno a baloy sa itaas ka tubig?

Gibo sa uno a baloy ninyo? Uno itsura?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Joselito Baracena, Sofia Baile, Eugene Brisenio, and Anthony Ababa, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V -

Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Marijoe Sabareza.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Iba-ibang Baloy (Different Houses). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: Meth Phearum.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Shiela Mae Parco, Dulce Atian, Elaine Mae Tormes





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





