Kaya Man ni Duma


Ina Inong




Poppy Rahayu





Tauno ta ginisong sa amay ni Lola si Duma? Bakasyon man ngani nguwan.





Mig-agiagi sa kadlagan? O! Pwede po, Lola? Gustong magbalik ni Duma

sa pagturog.





Bag! Nagukop su pirtan. Ha? Solo sana ko sadi?





Lola ... ulat!





Bayda ngani. Aratiles! Nauda bigla su tungka ni Duma. Nag-alop logod iya.





Agko na mga inog na aratiles sadto taas alagad diri kayang abuton ni Duma.





Wow!





Siguro kaya man an ni Duma!





O, uno ginigibo ni Lola?





Siguro kaya man an ni Duma!





Migbatloy si Lola sa salog? Siguro kaya man an ni Duma!





Arayyyy! Aghhhhhhh!





Gusto nang mag-uli ni Duma. Alagad sabi ni Lola, sadto upod na adto su pinakamatam-is na tangguli sa bilog na kinaban.





Tangguli? Naisip niya su masiram na tangguli. Diri na iya makaulat

na manamitan adto!





“Musna, Lola!”





Maabutan mo raw ako Duma?

Sige raw!





“Isadi na kita,” sabi ni Lola.

Napaparong na ni Lola su tangguli. Siguro kaya man an na gibowon ni Duma.





Wow! Nakaguno tulos si Lola. Kaya man raw adtong gibuwon ni Duma?





Maabot mo man adi Duma!





Umaabot a aldow na si Duma magigin arog man ki Lola.





©2019,A proyektong adi ay ang paggibo sa libro na nagpapabayad kin

mga kababayiwanbilang pangunahing tauhan sa istorya at may

mga kaibang babaying tagasurat, illusttador,tagapatnugot, at pagguhit. A librong adiay ginibo sa paraan kin pagsasanay sa pagtatabang kan Litara Foundation at The Asia Foundation at suportado kan Estee Lauder Companies. Ang pagsasanay at iba pang propesyunal na pagsulong arog

ka pagguhit at pag-akdang libro naa diay iginibong Litara

Foundation.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Eda Dato, Edna Blazado, Karen Bobis, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Ailyn Lanuzo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Kaya Man ni Duma (Duma Can Do It Too!). 			 Author: Ina Inong. 			 Illustrator: Poppy Rahayu. 			 Editor: Sofie Dewayani, Irawati Subrata, Eva Y. Nukman.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Ali Vince Robosa, Higino Penones, elvin Amaro, sarahxmarion





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Page 15

Page 16

Page 17

Page 18

Page 19

Page 20

Page 21

Page 22

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





