Kin Nag-uuran


Ade Cynthia





Gustong-gusto namung magngod na mangayamon sa parke.





Usad na aldow, biglang innuran.





Kamas-kamas na kong nag-anap sa sirungan, alagad sige nana

pangayamon ku ngod ko.





Abo ko sa uran. Nagigin mabublay a aldow ko pag nag-uuran. Nababasa

pa a bado ko, rason baka ako kalinturawon.





Lang ati! Natipsikan ako sa lamod kading ngod ko.





Lana ka basa kading bado ko. Lana man ka basa ka bado ka ngod ko alagad uda iya pakilabot. Sige sana niya ngayamon. Mamuyang nagngangayamon.





Pagngumon-ngumon, inalok nako ku ngod ko saka nagdalagan pauli.

Nayku! Migdalagan iya sa bitnga ka uran.





Migdalagan man ako? Abo akong mabasa.

Pero abo ko man na mabayaan na solo sadi parke.





Tipsik, tipsik, tipsik.





Hmm...





Kadakol na lam-awan.





Lukso, lukso, lukso.





Wow! Nagtipsikan su tubig!





Ha, ha, ha! Mamuya palan magngayamon sa uran.





Nagpondo na su uran. Oras na tanganing umuli.





Sadto na su ngod ko. Nasindakan iya pagkabayad kanako.





Kabasa sa maray saka naglamod na. Pero namumuya ako.

Gustong-gusto kin nag-uuran.





Ginibo sa tabang ka Litara Foundation





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Eda Dato, Edna Blazado, Karen Bobis, and Jane Tabarangao, was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Nelgie Ibanita.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Kin Nag-uuran (When It Rained). 			 Author: Ade Cynthia. 			 Illustrator: . 			 Editor: Riama Maslan Sihombing.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Shanelle Escuro, Higino Penones





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Page 15

Page 16

Page 17

Page 18

Page 19

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





