Kuneho saka Ayam





&nbsp;Maray na mag-barkada a kuneho saka ayam





Mamuyang nag-yayamon a kuneho saka ayam.





Nag-kakanta a kuneho para sa ayam.&nbsp;





Tinutugtog ni kuneho a khaen abang nag-babayli a ayam.&nbsp;

* khaen a mouth organ&nbsp; na gibo sa kawayan. Ading instrumento, galin pang Laos saka bisto sa Timog-Silangang Asya.





Nag-tutugtog a ayam kin gitara para sa kuneho.&nbsp;





&nbsp;Nang-rarakop kin paru-paru a kuneho saka ayam.&nbsp;





Nag-giro kin prutas a kuneho saka ayam marig agko makaon.&nbsp;





Dakol pinurot na prutas a kuneho saka ayam.





Naturog a kuneho saka ayam.





Nag-uli na a kuneho saka ayam.





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Kuneho saka Ayam (Rabbit and Dog). 			 Author: ທ. ມົນໄທ, ທ. ບິກໂຊ, ທ. ສິນໄຊ, ນ. ທິບພະຈັນ ແລະ ນ. ພອນພະຈັນ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນສ້າງຄູ້.. 			 Illustrator: Anouphong. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Ivan Boaquiña





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





