Lukso! Lukso! Lukso!


Pristian Wulanita




Pristian Wulanita





Lukso! Lukso! Lukso!





“Sita, magbayli kita ku bayli sa alibangbang.”





“Ikampay mo raw a takyag mo na arog kadi?”





Gusto ni Sita na magin alibangbangna naglulukso.

Lukso! Lukso! Lukso!

Dawa sinabiyan iya ka mga kabarkada niya na pumundo na iya.





Padagos pa sa pag lukso si Sita.





“Sita, magbayli kita kubayli sa kuneho!”





Nguwan mas lalo ading nagin kaabang-abang.

Kaya ni Sita na gibuwon na sabay a paglukso saka pagbayli!





“Sita, su luksong kuneho!”

Lukso! Lukso! Lukso!

Dawa sinabiyan iya ku mga kabarkada niya na pumundo.





Padagos sa paglukso si Sita.





“Sita, magngayamon kita sa badminton!”





Mamuya a magngayamon sa badminton. Linnukso saka sabay basbas ni Sita ku raketa!





Kaipwanan pang basbasan ni Sita su shuttlecock, pero sige sana a lukso niya.





Nagpararulo-lukso sana iya galin sadto pinagngangayamnan nira.





“Sita, mayna ta mag-iba kita sa potato sock race.”

Nguwan, amo na adi a ngayamon na bagay ki Sita.





Diri na makaulat si Sita.

“Pwesto... anda na...”





"Luksoooooo!"





"Luksoooooo!"





Nanggana si Sita. Nag-uulat na sa finish line su mga

barkada niya tanganing abrasawon iya.





Nagrulo-lukso man sirang iniyanan ni Sita. Lukso! Lukso! Lukso!





Pahina para sa Karapatang-ari





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado, Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Ma. Elizabeth Lagatic, Amie Bolalin, and Joanne Gariplan, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management

Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Mary Ann de San Juan.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Lukso! Lukso! Lukso! (Jump! Jump! Jump!). 			 Author: Pristian Wulanita. 			 Illustrator: Pristian Wulanita.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Maria Teresa Septimo, Kent Patrick De Lima, JOHN REYNOLD BRIOSO





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Page 44

Page 48

Page 49

Page 52

Page 55

Page 58

Page 59

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





