Magagayon na mga Ayop sa Tubig





Amo di maduag na pond na agko dakol na iba-ibang kolor sa mga ayop na sa tubig nakaistar.





Agko san green na palaka.





Agko san asul na tilapiang isura.





Agko san itom na ito.





Agko san purple na sawang isura.





Agko san pulang ugama.





Agko san orange na hipon.





Agko san kulay abong kul.





Agko san kayumanggi na hito.





Ngamin na ayop namumuya maglangoy saka magkaibang magbayle.





Napapaligiran sa mga berdeng damo a asul na pond na agko nagtatalon na isura.&nbsp;





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Magagayon na mga Ayop sa Tubig (Beautiful Water Animals). 			 Author: ນ. ນໍ້າເຜິ້ງ, ທ. ສັນຕິສຸກ, ນ. ກິນນາລີ, ທ. ໂທນີ້ ແລະ ນ. ນຸ້ມນິ້ມ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນຈອມມະນີໃຕ້. 			 Illustrator: Saotoula Khounphomxay. 			 Editor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Carl Anthony Gorgonia, Quintin Atienza





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 13

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





