Mayna, Maglayog Kita!


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Sorn Srey Nuch





A bayong nakalalayog. A loro nakalalayog.





A kabayo diri nakalalayog.





A langow nakalalayog. A riwit nakalalayog.





A tugaw diri nakalalayog.





A bot-bot kuwaw nakalalayog. A pagala nakalalayog.





A kabalang diri nakalalayog.





Nakalalayog man a talaod saka kalaw.





A leon diri nakalalayog.





Makalalayog a kuwaw na kolor brown. Makalalayog a namok.





Diri nakalalayog a karnero.





Umaabot man a panawon na makalalayog man kita.





Gusto ko man lumayog.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Joselito Baracena, Sofia Baile, Eugene Brisenio, and Anthony Ababa, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V -

Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Nelgie Ibarreta.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Mayna, Maglayog Kita! (Let's Fly). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Sorn Srey Nuch.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Alvin Franco Agtarap, Kent Patrick De Lima, Higino Penones, Dan Randolf Francia

		 			Signer: Garima Bhattarai





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 36

Page 38

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





