Mga Insekto Sadi Lugar Namo





Iba-iba a mga insekto sadi kanamong lugar.





Agko mga alibangbang na agko manlain lain na kolor.





Alibangbang na naglalayog layog sana sa palibot.





Ligwan na nagsusupsop sa mga burak.





Ligwan na kinakaon su mga tanom na burak sadto umahan.





Grupo sa mga sirom na agko dardarang mga pagkaon.





Sabay-sabay na nakalinya su mga sirom.





Atibagos na nag-tugpa sadto kable.





Kuliglig na nagkakanta sadto poon sa kawoy.





Ngamin na insekto nagbaraylihan.





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Mga Insekto Sadi Lugar Namo (Insects in my village). 			 Author: ທ. ມົນໄທ, ທ. ບິກໂຊ, ທ. ສິນໄຊ, ນ. ທິບພະຈັນ ແລະ ນ. ພອນພະຈັນ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນສ້າງຄູ້.. 			 Illustrator: Saotoula Khounphomxay. 			 Editor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://letsreadasia.org/ 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: MARIZ SHAINE CASTILLO





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





