Mga Amigo sa Kapalibutan


Jeron Tanglaw





Dinnakol su mga amigo ko, ku su banwaan nagsilensyo.





Agko usa na kin mag-iwag luway. A sungoy dakulo sa maray. Bagana pakpak

na tunay.





Agko amid na mailyas sa kadlagan laka layas inuubos a kape ni Tang Kulas.





Agko mabuot na lumod linunadan ko sa taludtod su daddakulong alon sinarusod saka linnudop sadto irarom ku nalubog na galyon.





Agko Aspin sa tinampo Batik-batik a bagaybo

Nagngangayamon sa matalbo.





Agko tukko sadto mangga

nagrulukso sadto mga bunga

nag-uupot sa mga sanga

nagtatagong baga na ninja.





Agko anninipot na nagkikimatkimat baga na langit na nagkikitkilat

sinusupsop a agmok kaiba ni Noknok.





Alagad agko ko usad na kabisto na mamundo saka nagsosolo-solo, si Kulapnit na amigo.





“Tauno ta nagtatangis ika, amigo?”

amo su unga ko.

“Rinarayuan saka ikinakaati kaya

ako,” simbag ku amigo ko.





Pauno ko raw mapamuya a amigo ko? Ay, isi ko na!





Sa ngamin kong mga amigo

Sa kabuotan, si Kulapnit numero uno.

Diri iya namemerwisyo.

Diri mo sana iya ilaom, na iyan sa preso.





Iba man a pagsilong ta kanda,

Nilalang man sira ka Kagurangnan ta.

Buot man nirang magin mamuya kaya

kin agko man ako inaarang amo a tawan

sira sa lugar sadi maiwas tang kinaban.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Eda Dato, Edna Blazado, and Karen Bobis, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Re-

source Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Annabelle Relativo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Mga Amigo sa Kapalibutan. 			 Author: Jeron Tanglaw. 			 Illustrator: .

		 			 Published by Jeron Tanglaw, 			https://depedro1.com/books/ 			 © Jeron Tanglaw. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa, Jacobito Botor, Higino Penones





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





