Nabayad ni King si Kong


All Children Reading - Cambodia




Sorn Srey Nuch





Nabayad ni King si Kong na natuturog.





Nabayad ni King si Kong na nag-iinom sa tubig.





Nabayad ni King si Kong na nagbababa sadto puon ku kawoy.





Nabayad ni King si Kong na nag-aanap sa mirindalan.





Nabayad ni King si Kong na nagmimirindal.





Nabayad ni King si Kong na pagalin na sa saudan.





Nabayad ni King si Kong na nag-aaging pabalik-balik. Siisay a inuulat ni Kong?





Ay! Nabayad ni King sira Kong, Kikay, saka Kikoy na nagsasaod.





Mga Unga:

1. Uno su nabayad ni King na ginigibo

ni Kong sadto puon ku kawoy?

2. Siisay palan su inuulat ni Kong?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Vilma Cangayo, Madonna Monte, and Emerlina Antioquia, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Annabelle Relativo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Nabayad ni King si Kong (Sa Sees Da). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: Sorn Srey Nuch.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Trisha Mae Praxides, Romeo Jr. Sotto, Kent Patrick De Lima, Leo Francis Barbonio





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





