Nagpabakal sa Isura si Mamay


ນ. ນໍ້າເຜິ້ງ, ທ. ສັນຕິສຸກ, ນ. ກິນນາລີ, ທ. ໂທນີ້ ແລະ ນ. ນຸ້ມນິ້ມ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນຈອມມະນີໃຕ້




Khamphasone Sihapanya





Nagpapabakal sa 1 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 2 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 3 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 4 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 5 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 6 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 7 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 8 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 9 na isura si Mamay.





Nagpapabakal sa 10 na isura si Mamay.





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Nagpabakal sa Isura si Mamay (My Aunt Sells Fish). 			 Author: ນ. ນໍ້າເຜິ້ງ, ທ. ສັນຕິສຸກ, ນ. ກິນນາລີ, ທ. ໂທນີ້ ແລະ ນ. ນຸ້ມນິ້ມ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນຈອມມະນີໃຕ້. 			 Illustrator: Khamphasone Sihapanya. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2022. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Reynald Ocampo, Sofia A. Baile





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





