Nakagugurang saka Mas Hoben na Ngod na Lalaki


All Children Reading - Cambodia




Sorn Srey Nuch and May Sak





Agko darwang sumunod ngud si Dany na lalaki





Si Dina a pinakagurang na igin.





Sira Dan saka Don a mga ngod ni Dina.





Nagngangayamon sa soccer sira Dina saka su mga ngod niya.





Si Dina agko amigang a ngaran Sara Agko man darwang nakagugurang na

ngod na lalaki si Sara.





Pinakakauriyan na ngod si Sara.





Sira Sonny saka Sol a mga ngod ni Sara.





Tattaong maglangoy sira Sara saka su mga ngod niya.





Agko mas hoben saka mas nakagugurang na mga ngod na lalaki.





Piolo a ngaran ka nakagugura ng niyang ngod





Pepe man a ngaran ka mas hoben niyang ngod na lalaki.





Nakipagbayadan si Dina ku mas nakagugurang saka mas nakakahoben na mga ngod na lalaki ni Sara.





Mga Unga:

1. Pira ngamin su ngod na lalaki ni Dina?

2. Unong ngayamon su gusto nira Dina saka ku mga ngod niyang lalaki?

3. Uno su ngaran ku mga nakagugu--rang na ngod na lalaki ni Sara?

4. Agko ika mga ngod na lalaki o babayi? Kin agko, pira ngamin? Uno

su mga ngaran nira? Kin uda ika mga ngod na lalaki o babayi, siisaya bisto

mong mga agko ngod?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Vilma Cangayo, Madonna Monte, Emerlina Antioquia, Criselda Taduran, and Rechie Salcedo, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Jane Tabarangao.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Nakagugurang saka Mas Hoben na Ngod na Lalaki (Older and Younger Brother). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: Sorn Srey Nuch, May Sak.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Gigi V. Severo, Kent Patrick De Lima, Kharl Requinala





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





