Namasyar si Omar


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




El Huyno





Si omar, igin na lalaki. Si Pina a Mama niya.





Nag-aagi-agi sira sadto natad.





Nababayad raw ni Omar a puon ka Kalatsutsi?

Nababayad niOmar a puon ka Kalatsutsi.





Binibilang ni Omar saka ni Mama niya

a mga kawoy na Kalatsutsi: “Usad, darwa.”





Nababayad rawni Omar a mga

bayong? Nababayad ni Omar a mga bayong.





Binilang ni Omar saka ni Mama niya a mga bayong: “Usad, darwa, tulo.”





Nababayad raw ni Omar a mga

alibangbang? Nababayad ni Omar a mga alibangbang.





Binilang ni Omar saka ni Mama niya

a mga alibangbang: “Usad, darwa, tulo, upat.”





Nababayad raw niOmar a mga

plastik? Nababayad ni Omar a mga plastik.





Binilang ni Omar saka ni Mama

niya a mga plastik: “Usad,darwa, tulo, upat, lima.”





Nababayad rawni Omar a basuran? Nababayad ni Omar a basuran.





Ibinuta ng ni Omar a mga plastik sadto basuran.





Magayon su nagin karanasan ni

Omar ku namasyar sira sadto natad,

kaiba si Mama niya.

Nakatuod iyang magbilang saka nakatabang kin pauno magin malinig a palibot ka natad nira.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado & Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sheila Loria, Marlene Laya, and Estefanie Delloro, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Karen Belonio.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Namasyar si Omar (Walking in the Garden). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: El Huyno.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa, Jacobito Botor, elvin Amaro

		 			Signer: Kumar Regmi





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 16

Page 18

Page 20

Page 22

Page 24

Page 27

Page 28

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





