Oras nang Magbakal


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Be Chharya





Nag-iyan si Sol sa tindan sa mga libro.





Nagbakal si Sol sa limang libro manungod sa pagsurat.





Nagbakal si Sol sa upat na libro manungod sa pagbasa.





Nagbakal si Sol sa tulong asul na pansurat.





Nagbakal si Sol sa darwang kaw on na tisa.





Nagbakal si Sol sa usad na bag.





Nguwan preparado na si Sol para sa pagpuon ka pag-eskwela.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado & Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sheila Loria, Marlene Laya, Estefanie Delloro, Rema Montes, and Marcia V. Calleja, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning

Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Jennifer Julianes.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Oras nang Magbakal (It is Shopping Time). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Be Chharya.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa, Jacobito Botor, elvin Amaro





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 12

Page 14

Page 16

Page 18

Page 20

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





