Paiyan sa Eskwelan





Amo adi a unang aldow sa eskwelan.

Handa na so sadit na elepante.





Nag-butang sa pang surat so Sadit na Elepante sadto Bag niya.





Nag-butang sa Lapis so Sadit na Elepante sadto Bag niya.





Nag-butang sa Libro so Sadit na Elepante sadto Bag niya.





Nag-butang sa Librong Pang Adal so Sadit na Elepante sadto Bag niya.





Ginamit na ko Sadit na Elepante so Bag niya.&nbsp;

Nag iyan na sa Eskwelan so Sadit na Elepante.





Nag agi na sadto klasrum so Sadit na Elepante.





So ibang studyante nagtawa.&nbsp;&nbsp;

"so sapatos ko sadit na elepante sala so pagkaka supong!' sabi nira.





Nagtaga sadto Irarum ko Kawoy so Sadit na elepante.

Inaanap iya ko maestra niya.

"Bayadun mo a Sapatos saka A Tiil mo," Sabi ko Maestra.





"Amo adi A Tamang Kapadis."&nbsp;





"Adi usad na sapatos amo sa wala," Sabi ko maestra.





So Sapatos ko Sadit na Elepante tamana sadto Kanyang Tiil. Nag agi na sadto klasrum niya so Sadit na Elepante. Ngamin na namuya ko Sadit na Elepante.&nbsp;





​Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Paiyan sa Eskwelan (Going to School). 			 Author: ຄໍາແກ້ວ ຍອດຄໍາຂັນ. 			 Illustrator: ສຸພາເພີນ ສຸວັນນະບັນດິດ. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Ma Frences Sta Cruz





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 13

Page 14

Page 16

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





