Rudi


Ella Elviana




Ella Elviana





Ako si Rudi.





Naka-istar ako sa kwadra. Nag-iiyan a mga igin sa kwadra

tanganing mag-atindir na makatuod maglunad sa kabayo.

Pero diri basang ako nira napipili...





...kwasa mabublay a buwok ko.





Magagayun a mga buwok ka mga barkada ko.





Pinagporbaran ko na a manlaen-laen na shampoo. Pigparasukray ko pirmi

anggan sa magkintab. Maski uno gibuwon ko, pirmi pa nanggad

matamlay saka makanos ading buwok ko.





A mga igin na nagi-iiyan para maglunad pirming pinipili a mga barkada ko.





Anggan usad na aldow...





"Amo adi napili ko," mamuyang sabi ku igin.





"Gusto ko a mga mata niya. Agko iya mabinarkadang mata."





Dipisil tubudan! Napili ako sa usad na igin!





Mamuya kaming nagparadalagan palibot sa luog ku kudal.





Nguwan, diri na ako nasusupog ka kanakong buwok, ta agko na

nagpapayaba ka mga mata ko.





Pahina para sa Karapatang-Ari





This book was adapted as part of ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia

Foundation (TAF), SIL LEAD, and Florida State University (FSU). This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Joselito Baracena, Sofia Baile, Eugene Brisenio, and Salvador Pelingon, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). This book was field tested by Glenda Coronel.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Rudi (Rudi the Horse). 			 Author: Ella Elviana. 			 Illustrator: Ella Elviana. 			 Editor: Riama Maslan Sihombing, Eva Y. Nukman, EorG.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Trisha Mae Praxides, Romeo Jr. Sotto, Kent Patrick De Lima, Leo Francis Barbonio





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 27

Page 30

Page 31

Page 32

Page 35

Page 40

Page 43

Page 46

Page 48

Page 50

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





