Sabi ni Papa


All Children Reading - Cambodia




ឡម ភីរៈ





Boot magsagob ni Sinak sa tubig.





“Anapon mo si apay mo.” Sabi ni Papa.





Gusto ni Sinak na magdokdok sa bugas.





“Anapon mo si Mama mo,” sabi ni Papa.





Buot ni Sinak na magdugkal sa lamod.





“Magkalot ika sadto ababow na tubig.” sabi ni Papa.





Buot ni Sinak na magtinda sa sibuyas.





“Dapat magtinda ika sa matawong lugar.” Sabi ni Papa.





Buot ni Sinak na mag-iyan sa saudan.





“Kaipuwan mong anapon si apay mo,” sabi ni papa.





Buot ni Sinak na magpadalagan sa motor.





“Kaipuwan na magsupong ika sa helmet,” sabi ni papa.





1. Uno tinugon ki Sinak ni papa niya ku buot niyang magdukdok sa paroy?

2. Sari buot umiyan ni Sinak pagkatapos niyang magtinda sa sibuyas?

3. Uno tinugon ki Sinak ni papa niya ku buot niyang magpadalagan sa motor? Tauno?

4. Kun agko ika buot na gibuwon, isay a pig-aayatan mo sa tabang? Tauno?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Joselito Baracena, Sofia Baile, Eugene Brisenio, and Salvador Pelingon, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region

V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Theresa Salvador.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Sabi ni Papa (What Dad Says). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: ឡម ភីរៈ.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Michael William Ronco, Kent Patrick De Lima, Herminia Vasquez, Janessa Angustia Martinez



		 			Narrator: Brendan Boland





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 17

Page 22

Page 23

Page 28

Page 29

Page 34

Page 35

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





