Sari Sira Nag-iyan?


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Chhoun Sambath





Nag-iyan si Ring Ring sadto pangayamonan.





Nasabat ni Ring Ring si Beep Beep.





Nag-iyan si Beep Beep sadto estasyon sa tren.





Nasabat ni Beep Beep si Choo Choo.





Nag-iyan si Choo Choo sadto uma.





Nasabat ni Choo Choo si Broom Broom.





Nag-iyan si Broom Broom sa Naga.





Nasabat ni Broom Broom si Tin Tin. Su limang magbabarkada,

magkaiibang nag-iyan sa Naga!





...





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Eda Dato, Edna Blazado, Karen Bobis, and Jane Tabarangao, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Nelgie Ibanita.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Sari Sira Nag-iyan? (Where Do They Go?). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Chhoun Sambath.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, JOHN REYNOLD BRIOSO





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





