Sari Sira Mig-iyan?


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Meng Sok Pheng





Sari kaya mig-iyan si Dina? Inaanap niya si Dino.





Sari raw paiyan si Dino?

Nagsususunod si Dino ka baka niya.





Sari raw paiyan su baka?

Sinusundan ku baka su bayong.





Sari kaya mig-iyan a bayong?

Nagsususunod a bayong ka ayam.





Sari kaya mig-iyan a ayam?

Nagsususunod a ayamka sawa.





Sari kaya mig-iyan a sawa?

Nagsususunod a sawa ka tupang.





Sari kaya mig-iyan a tupang?

Migtalon a tupang paiyan sa uma.





Sari kaya sira ngamin mig-iyan?

Ngamin sira mig-iyan sadto uma.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado & Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sharo Pelingon, Cheryl Tabarangao, Maureen Guadalupe, and Grace Rabelas, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Nelgie Ibarreta.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Sari Sira Mig-iyan? (They Go to the Field). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Meng Sok Pheng.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa, elvin Amaro





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 32

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





