Sari si Bino


Lyly Young




Lyly Young





Gustong maturog ni Lino.





Pero diri iya makatuturog pag uda si Bino.





Sari raw si Bino?





Baka naulog sa irarom ka katre. Si Bino raw adto?





Buko, bado sana palan. Pareyo sana

ku kulor ni Bino, pero bukong si Bino.

Baka sadto si Bino.





Paglaom ni Lino, amo adto su tussel ni Bino. Buko palan, lubid sana.





Si Bino raw an? Pareyo sira sa itsura.





Eeek!





Mama!





“Taadi si Bino,” sabi ni mama.

Nguwan, oras na tanganing maturog.





.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado, Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sheila Loria, Marlene Laya, and Estefanie Delloro, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of

the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Karen Belonio.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Sari si Bino (Where Is Bonta?). 			 Author: Lyly Young. 			 Illustrator: Lyly Young. 			 Editor: Riama Maslan Sihombing, Eva Y. Nukman, EorG.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa, Higino Penones, Reynald Ocampo, elvin Amaro





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 16

Page 19

Page 20

Page 22

Page 24

Page 27

Page 28

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





