Si Navy saka si Bora


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Sin Thuokna





Nakakasurat na si Bora.

Nakakasurat naman si Navy.





Nakakangayamon sa isports si Navy.

Nakakangayamon man sa isports si Bora.





Tattaong magdrowing si Bora.

Tatatao man magdrowing si Navy.





Nakakabasa si Navy.

Nakakabasa man si Bora.

Pareyo sirang talentado.





This book was adapted as part of ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia

Foundation (TAF), SIL LEAD, and Florida State University (FSU). This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Joselito Baracena, Sofia Baile, Eugene Brisenio, and Salvador Pelingon, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). This book was field tested by Marijoe Sabareza.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Si Navy saka si Bora (Navy and Bora). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Sin Thuokna.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Trisha Mae Praxides, Romeo Jr. Sotto, Kent Patrick De Lima, Leo Francis Barbonio





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 7

Page 10

Page 13

Page 14

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





