Si Tata saka si Toto


Ratna Kusuma Halim




Ratna Kusuma Halim





Agko olod arani sa tiil ni Toto! Siram!





Tinuka tulos ni Tata su Ulod.

Nag-una si Tata na iya unang nakabayad ku olod.





Abong biliwan ni Toto su olod.

Nagkaoyon sirang onga-on su kag igin kin ki isay mapaiyan su olod.





Unta? Usa kanda dapat sumibog. Pero isay? Nagdidiga naman su darwa.





Nagpa-onod si Tata. Kaya nakaliwas sira sadto poon ku kamatis.





Pero naolog si Toto sadto kalot.





Paono iya makaguno paitaas?

Abong biliwan ni Toto su olod.

Abo man ni Tata.





Nagdinuyungan, nagbinutungan su darwa anggan na makaluwas sadto

kalot si Toto.





Tinaas sadto ugat ku kawoy si Tata, alagad na-olog iya.

Nabanga sa darwa su olod.





“Inay, Bayada! Nagbanga kami sa olod!”

sabi ku darwang isiw.





Si Tata saka Toto nagbanga ku olod. Malang ray na pamawan





Nabilog a librong adi sa paagi ka usad na book development workshop na ginibo sa paagi ka Litara Foundation, Faculty of Arts and Design Bandung Institute of Technology ag The Asia Foundation. Su workshop ag professional development, kaiba na pagpakaray ag disenyo ka libro, inimo ka Litara Foundation.

Usad na non-profit organization a Litara Foundation na nagbubusol ka pagbasa ag mga istoryang pangigin sa Indonesia.

	Bisitaon a http://litara.or.id/ para sa iba pang inpormasyon.





This book was adapted as part of ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia

Foundation (TAF), SIL LEAD, and Florida State University (FSU). This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Joselito Baracena, Sofia Baile, Eugene Brisenio, and Salvador Pelingon, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). This book was field tested by Jane Tabarangao.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Si Tata saka si Toto (Tata and Titi). 			 Author: Ratna Kusuma Halim. 			 Illustrator: Ratna Kusuma Halim.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Alvin Franco Agtarap, Kent Patrick De Lima, Higino Penones, Dan Randolf Francia





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Page 15

Page 16

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





