Su Espesyal na Bombo


Laksmi Manohara




Evelline Andrya





Su espesyal na Drum.





Napakaraot su tiil ni Ares ku naglinog.

Kaya diri iya makaiyan dawa sari. Maray

sanang agko iya papel saka mga lapis na agko iba-ibang kulor.

Alagad ku migpuon na iyang mag-drowing.





Bam! Bam! Bonk! Bonk!

“Si Intan adto, uno raw a pinatutugtog niya?”





Diri iya nagpupundo ka gini gibo niya.





“Intan!” makusog na baoy ni Ares

sadto ngod niyang babayi.

Nagbinungog sana si Intan,

nagsagin-sagin iya na diri niya

narurungog su ngod niya.

Nagpadagos sana iya sa pagpukpok

ku balde.





“Intaaan,” mas makusog na baoy ni Ares.





Pauno kaya niya mapapupundo a ngod

niya? Pigpurbaran ni Ares na apunan sa

bolang papel tanganing makuko a atensyon ni Intan.





Diri pa nanggad nagpundo si Intan.





“Baka adi pwede na,” naisip ni Ares.

Inapon niya su lapis sadto batangan ni Intan.





“Aargh! Nagparakusog palugod.”





“Kling! Kling! Klak! Klak!”

Sinabayan na pati sa makusog na pag-ngabil ni Intan. “Yay! Yay!”





Pati su ibang mga igin, nangag-

ngangabil naman.

“Yay! Yay! Bam! Bam! Klik!Klak! Sabay

imbitar ni Intan ki Ares na sumabay kanda.





Tap, tap.

Luway-luway na pigpukpok ni Ares su gilid ku batangan niya.





“Yehey! Namumuyang sabi ku ngamin ki Ares sabay palakpak kanya.





Nagtao sa tanda si Intan gamit su mga

kamot niya. Nguwan, ngamin sabay-sabay nagpalakpak.





Bing! Bam! Plik! Plak! Tik!Tak!

Klip! Klap! Nagin lider si Intan ka

paggibo sa mga iba-ibang tunog na

nagin magayon na su musika.





-Tapos-





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado & Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sharo Pelingon, Cheryl Tabarangao, Maureen Guadalupe, and Grace Rabelas, and was approved for publishing by

the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Myla Nuñez.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Su Espesyal na Bombo (The Special Drums). 			 Author: Laksmi Manohara. 			 Illustrator: Evelline Andrya. 			 Editor: Sofie Dewayani, Irawati Subrata, Eva Y. Nukman.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa, Higino Penones, sarahxmarion





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Page 15

Page 16

Page 17

Page 18

Page 19

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





