Su Sirom saka su Tinapay


Durga Lal Shrestha




Binita Buddhacharya





Agko usad na sirom sa tinampo. Agko mansadit na pidaso sa tinapay.





Silngan mo a diri nakakatakot na sirom.

Pirit binubutong su tinapay na kakaunon.





Busol sadi, busol sadto. Diri nagpupundo sa pagbusol.

Napaligid saka nagbalintong Diri pa nanggad su tinapay naiusog.





Pero, diri iya pinnupundo.





“Binabauyan ko mga amiga saka amigo. Inaayat ko dakulong tabang ninyo. Naggagamit na ako kadi mikropono ta kamo sana tabi a pag-asa ko.”





Ngamin na siromnag-abot ku pagbaoy niya.

Tabang-tabang na sira sa pag-alsa.





Giyapon busol saka butong. Sinasabayan nira sa kanta su

iwag ku kariton.





Sa wakas nadara man nanggad sadto baloy nira su tinapay.





Inapag saka binanga-banga su tinapay na dara-dara nira.

Biyo sirang namumuya ta ngamin nakanamit ko pinagalan nira.





...





This book was adapted as part of ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia

Foundation (TAF), SIL LEAD, and Florida State University (FSU). This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado, Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sharo Pelingon, Cheryl Tabarangao, Maureen Guadalupe, and Grace Rabelas, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). This book was field tested by Ma. Christina Daliza.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Su Sirom saka su Tinapay (Ant and Bread). 			 Author: Durga Lal Shrestha. 			 Illustrator: Binita Buddhacharya. 			 Editor: Muna Gurung, Sharareh Bajracharya, Niranjan Kunwar.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 14

Page 16

Page 18

Page 20

Page 22

Page 25

Page 26

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





