Uno Kaya Mo?


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Ty Sovan Panha





Nakalalangoy a pato, alagad diri nakatatalon.





Nakatatalon a tupang, alagad diri nakalulupad.





Nakalulupad a alibangbang, alagad diri nakadadalagan.





Nakadadalagan a kabayo, alagad diri nakapa-aalnas.





Nakapa-aalnas a sawa, alagad diri nakaaagi.





Nakaaagi a pabo, alagad diri nakakakanap.





Nakakakanap a igin na sadit, alagad diri nakalalangoy.





Lambang usad sa kanda kayang maglangoy, maglukso, maglupad, magdalagan, magpaalnas, mag-agi saka magkanap.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado & Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sharo Pelingon, Cheryl Tabarangao, and Maureen Guadalupe, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section

(LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Mary Rose Estadilla.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Uno Kaya Mo? (Can Duck Jump?). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Ty Sovan Panha.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa, elvin Amaro





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





