Uno Gusto ni Danica


All Children Reading - Cambodia




May Sak





Gusto ni Danica sa bisikleta.

Gusto ni Danica na magbisikleta.





Gusto ni Danica sa motor.

Gusto ni Danica na mag-motor.





Gusto ni Danica sa awto.

Gusto ni Danica na magmaneyo sa awto.





Gusto ni Danica sa bus.

Gusto ni Danica na magmaneyo sa bus.





Gusto ni Danica sa de-makinang pangkalot.

Gusto ni Danica na magmaneyo sa de-makinang pangkalot.





Gusto ni Danica sa jet ski.

Gusto ni Danica na magmaneyo sa jet ski.





Gusto ni Danica sa speedboat.

Gusto ni Danica na magmaneyo sa speedboat.





Gusto ni Danica sa ferry boat.

Gusto ni Danica na magmaneyo sa ferry boat.





Mga Unga:

1. Uno a gusto ni Danica?

2. Uno a mga gustong imaneyo ni Danica?

3. Sa pag-una mo, kaya raw ni Danica na magmaneyo sa speedboat? Tauno?

4. Uno gusto mong maturan na imaneyo? Tauno?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Vilma Cangayo, Madonna Monte, and Emerlina Antioquia, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the

Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

The book was field tested by Glenda Coronel.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Uno Gusto ni Danica (What Dany Wants). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: May Sak.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Alvin Franco Agtarap, Kent Patrick De Lima





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 30

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





