Uno raw ako Pagdakulo?


Nabila Adani




Nabila Adani





Sabi ku maestra, magsurat kami kin uno a gusto namo pagdakulo.





Hmm… Uno ko raw gusto? Baydon ninyo a tawong an, nagtitinda iya sa ice cream.





Gusto ko man magtinda sa ice cream! Pwede akong mag-iyan dawa sari, saka magkaon sa ice cream giyapon.





Riiing! Riiing! Urulian na.





O, baydon ninyo a lunadan na nag-aatod sa mga surat.





Maray gayod na magin usad na taga-atod sa surat. Maiiyanan ko a bilog na banwaan.





Sadi na si Nanay, sinusundo na ako.





Miglunad ako sa tren pag mig-iyan ako sadto baloy ni lola.





Tsug! Tsug! Gusto kong magin drayber sa tren!

A tren maka-iiyan sa mga ararayong lugar.

Woohoo!





Sari raw pig-iyan adtong eroplano?





A mga piloto, pwedeng mag-iyan dawa sari. Sa luyo ka dagat saka mga kontinente. Namumuya akong maglupad sa langit.





Yehey! Nakakuko ako sa padara galin ki Tatay.





Baka pwede man akong magin usad na marine biologist arog ni tatay.





Tanganing pwede akong makaludop sa ararom na parte ka dagat saka makingayamon ka ngamin na ayop san.





“Uno man raw ading butang kadi kawon?

Wow! Ngayamnan na rocket palan!”





Nakaturog na palan ako.





Sa wakas, isi ko na kin uno talaga a gusto ko. Gusto kong magin usad na astronaut! Gusto kong malibot a kalawakan tapos bibisitawon a mga planeta saka mga bituon.





Pahinang Pagbisto





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado & Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sheila Loria, Marlene Laya, and Estefanie Delloro, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education

Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Elena Cortez.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Uno raw ako Pagdakulo? (What Could I Become?). 			 Author: Nabila Adani. 			 Illustrator: Nabila Adani. 			 Editor: Sofie Dewayani, Irawati Subrata, Eva Y. Nukman, Andina Subarja.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Kent Patrick De Lima, Ali Vince Robosa, Shiela Mae Parco





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 23

Page 25

Page 26

Page 29

Page 32

Page 35

Page 38

Page 41

Page 44

Page 47

Page 48

Page 53

Page 56

Page 59

Page 62

Page 63

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





