An Nawawara na Bola


Nasrin Mustafa




ASM Tanvir Hassan Raju





Preparado na magkanam sinda Shaju, Mitu, Emon kag Jami. “Hulat lang kuhaon ko anay an akon bola,” an sabi ni Jami.





Dali-dali na nagsulod si Jami sa iya kwarto.





Hala! Grabe an samok san iya kwarto!





Sa diin kaya matuna si Jami sa paghanap san iya bola?





Adto kaya an bola sa iya higdaan?





Hala, wara!





Adto kaya an bola sa iya lamesa?





Hala, wara man!





“Jami, pagdali!” siyak ni Shaju.





Nagsiyak man si Jami hali sa iya kwarto, “Hulat lang! Dili ko pa nakikit-an an bola ko!”





Halapit kaya an bola sa baduan? Nasa idalom kaya idto san mga bado?





Dili! Wara man gihapon didi an bola!





Nagsabat sinda Shaju, Mitu, kag Emon. “Ginakapoy na kami magparahulat! Dili na namon kaya maghulat pa! Mahali na kami!” siyak san tulo.





Nabadli si Jami sa iya sadiri. Dili nya makit-an an bola bisan diin sya maghanap. An sigurado lang, mas naglinis kitaon an iya kwarto yana.





...pwera lang sadto na karton na adto sa taas san kabinet...





Kitaa! Adi an bola!





Pagkasunod na adlaw, ginhanap ni Jami an iya mga amigo. Sugad, igwa na sinda san bola na pwede gamiton sa inda pagkanam.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Dinnah A. Bañares, Glenne M. Rivera, and Fatima Grace S. Llavore, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and

Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Jennifer Cantuba.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Nawawara na Bola (The Lost Ball). 			 Author: . 			 Illustrator: ASM Tanvir Hassan Raju.

		 			 Published by Room to Read, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/37413-harano-ball 			 © Room to Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Arlene B. Carmen, Ruffa Mae Velasco, jessica alcantara, France katrina Basical, The Busy Pinoy Mom





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 43

Page 46

Page 49

Page 52

Page 55

Page 56

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





