Amigo sa Natad


Jeron Tanglaw





Dinnakol su mga amigo ko, ku su banwaan nagsilensyo.





Agko usa na kin mag-iwag luway A sungoy dakulo sa maray. Bagana puon sa bugnay.





Agko amid na mailyas sa kadlagan laka layas inuubos a kape ni Tang Kulas.





Agko mabuot na lumod linunadan ko sa likod su dadakulong alon

sinarusod saka linnudop sadto irarom ku nalubog.





Agko Aspin sa tinampo Batik-batik a bagaybo Nagngangayamon sa mabato.





Agko tukko sadto mangga lulukso sadto mga bunga uupot sa mga

sanga magtatagong baga na ninja.





Agko aninipot na nagkikimatkimat baga na bombilyang nagkikitkilat

sinusupsop a ambon kaiba ni Kulisap.





Alagad agko ko usad na kabisto na mamundo saka nasosolo-solo, si

Kulapnit na amigo.





"Tauno ta nagtatangis ika, amigo?" amo su unga ko.

"Rinarayoan saka ikinakaati kaya ako,"simbag ku amigo ko.





Pauno ko raw mapamuya a amigo ko?

Ay, isi ko na!





Sa ngamin kong mga amigo si Kulapnit sa kabootan numero uno. Diri iya namemerwisyo diri mo sana iya ilaom, na iyan sa preso.





Iba man a pagsilong ta kanda,lalang man sira ka Kagurangnan ta. Boot

man nirang magin mamuya kaya kin agko man ako inaarang amo a tawan

sira sa lugar sadi maiwas tang kinaban.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Junee L. Abetria, Fatima B. Refamonte, and Jane Abejuela, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Cheryl Mayor.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Eda Dato, Edna Blazado, and Karen Bobis, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Re-

source Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Annabelle Relativo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Amigo sa Natad. 			 Author: Jeron Tanglaw. 			 Illustrator: .

		 			 Published by Jeron Tanglaw, 			https://depedro1.com/books/ 			 © Jeron Tanglaw. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Grace Bartolata Abella, Ruffa Mae Velasco, jessica alcantara, Joper Escalante, France katrina Basical, The Busy Pinoy Mom





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 14

Page 17

Page 20

Page 23

Page 26

Page 29

Page 32

Page 35

Page 36

Page 37

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





