An Adlaw na Umuran san mga Isda


Ramendra Kumar




Delwyn Remedios





Si Avanti an nagaataman san Pitara Zoo. Kadamo-damo san mga hayop sa Pitara pero an iya pinakaamigo an oso na si Ballu. Si Ballu dako, kolor-kape kag makusog. Sa iya ika-upat na bertdey, nagpreparar si Avanti san usad na dyutay na handaan para kan Ballu.





“Ballu, pwede mo ba huyupon an mga kandila san sararabay?” hunga ni Avanti. “Syempre!” sabat ni Ballu. Ginpuno nya san hangin an iya dughan. Humigop sya kag humuyop-huyop. “Whoosh!”





An makusog na huyop san hangin an pumarong sa mga kandila. Tumaas kag bumunggo ini sa mga dampog sa kalangitan. Bigla nagkaigwa san makusog na dalugdog kag nagtuna pag-uran.





“Hala! Naga-uran san isda,” nginarat si Ballu kag napalingi sa palibot. Nagkuha sya san dako na basket kag dumalagan patalibod myentras na ginasalo an mga isda na nagkakahurulog hali sa kalangitan. Kada mapuno an basket, ginadara nya ini sa dyutay na punong kag madagmit na nagbalik para kumuwa utro.





Sa iya pagbalik-balik sa punong san napulo na bes, napalingi sya.

Nagataas na an tubi kag nakita nya si Avanti na huruhadlok.





Nagdali-dali pabalik si Ballu kag ginbaba si Avanti. Binutang ni Avanti an iya braso sa may liog ni Ballu kag ginpasalamatan sya. Taudtaod, nawara na an dampog kag nagsirak an adlaw. Nagin mapawa kag masadya na naman.





“Dili ko na sa utro ipahuyop san biriyo an mga kandila sa imo,’’ sabi ni Avanti.

“Kay nano?” hunga ni Ballu. “Malay naton basi sa sunod mag-uran naman

san paka,’’ sabat ni Avanti kag nagtinawa an mag-amigo.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Joanna Rose I. Gonzaga, Marlon G. Arididon, and Ma. Nicole Villanueva, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource

Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Gloria Hapa.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Adlaw na Umuran san mga Isda (The Day It Rained Fish). 			 Author: Ramendra Kumar. 			 Illustrator: Delwyn Remedios.

		 			 Published by Pratham Books, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/2711-the-day-it-rained-fish 			 © Pratham Books. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Dahlia Cristobal, Fhernee Lim, Chanelle Ocampo, Roda Daignre





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 10

Page 11

Page 16

Page 19

Page 20

Page 21

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





