An Akon Mga Paryente


All Children Reading - Cambodia




Srun Rida





May magurang na lalaki si Sara na an pangaran Randy. Palangga ni Sara an iya magurang na lalaki.





May manghod na babayi si Rolly na an pangaran Inday. Palangga ni Rolly an iya manghod na babayi.





May manghod na lalaki si Ana na an pangaran Lito. Palangga ni Ana an iya manghod na lalaki.





May tiya on si Visal na an pangaran Mala. Palangga ni Visal an iya tiyaon.





May tiyuon si Bel na an pangaran Lando. Palangga ni Bel an iya tiyuon.





May sobrena si Kardo na an pangaran Gina. Palangga ni Kardo an iya sobrena.





May sobreno si Dali ya na an pangaran Mark. Palangga ni Daliya an iya sobreno.





May anak na babayi si Tyo Saru na an pangaran Alita. Palangga ni Tyo Saru an iya anak na babayi.





May anak na lalaki si Tya Yun na an pangaran Abel. Palangga ni Tya Yun an iya anak na lalaki.





Palangga namon an amon paryente.





Palangga namon an amon pamilya.





Mga Hunga

1. Nano an pangaran san manghod na babayi ni Rolly?

2. Nano an pangaran san tiyuon ni Bel?

3. Aram nyo ba an rason kun nano kay palangga ni Tya Yun an iya anak na

lalaki?

4. Palangga mo ba an imo ginikanan? Kay nano?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Henche G. Cañelas, Mary Gracae V. Delos Santos, Mary Joy M. Romero, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning

Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Marilyn Tumblod.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Akon Mga Paryente (My Relatives). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: Srun Rida.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Jan Carl Dolores, Ma. Lorina G. Cascato, maan almadrones





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 18

Page 20

Page 24

Page 26

Page 29

Page 32

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





