An Akon Lawas





Amo ini an akon lawas.





Amo ini an akon buhok. An akon buhok an nagaprotekta sa akon anit.





Amo ini an akon mga mata. Ginagamit ko an akon mga mata para makakita.





Amo ini an akon talinga. Ginagamit ko an akon talinga para makabati san paiba-iba na tunog.





Amo ini an akon irong. Ginagamit ko an akon irong para makahumot kag maghangos.





Ini an akon ba-ba. Ginagamit ko para mag-inom, mag-istorya, kag magkaon.





Ini an akon mga ngipon. Ginagamit ko an akon mga ngipon sa pagsupa san pagkaon.





Ini an akon dila. Ginagamit ko an akon dila sa pagrasa san pagkaon.





Ini an akon mga kamot. Ginagamit ko an akon mga kamot sa paghawid kag pagsurat.





Ini an akon mga tiil. Ginagamit ko an akon mga tiil para makalakat, magtindog, kag magdalagan.





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Akon Lawas (My Body). 			 Author: ສຸກພະຈັນ ໄຊເສນາ. 			 Illustrator: ຄຳປະສອນ ສີຫາປັນຍາ. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Cyril Zaragoza, Dharyl Mae Degara, Maureen Ng





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





