An Akon Dako na Pamilya


Lưu Thị Lương




Lê Thị Anh Thư





Igwa san dako na pamilya si Bin.





Amo ini an inda pamilya:

1. Lola; 2. Lolo; 3. Bin (kag an miya);

4. Tya; 5. Tyo; 6. Puto na manghod;

7. Iloy kag Ama





Kadamo ninda sa balay! Wara na sin makanaman na espasyo si Bin.





Maayo nalang nakaturog na an iya pamilya pagkahapon.





Ginkuha san miya an pisi kaya pwede na sinda yana kakanam na duha.





Kasadya sani na kanam!





May naglagabog! Hala!





Nagtangis an bata. Gin-uritan sya san iya iloy kag ama, pati an iya lolo naurit

man.





Nagsabat si Bin sa inda. “Wara ako san lugar na pwede kanaman! Kadyutay san

balay! Masyado dako an aton pamilya!”





Nagtangis san kusog si Bin. Taudtaod nagluya na an iya pagtangis hasta

nakaturog na sya.





Pagmata ni Bin, nakabatyag sya na baganmay kakaiba sa inda balay.





Wara an puto nya na manghod. Wara an iya iloy kag wara man an

iya lola.





Wara man an iya lolo, an iya ama pati na an iya tyo kag tya.





Maayo ini kay mag-usad lang si Bin sa balay!





Bigla nagdulom. Nano kaya an nangyari?





Naglipak an langit, naglinog an duta.

Harain sinda?





Nakabati si Bin san uran. Taudtaod nabatian nya an iya iloy, an iya lolo kag

lola kag pati na an inda puto na manghod.





Padayon gihapon an uran. Nakauli na an iya ama! Nakauli naman an iya tyo

kag tya. Barasa sinda tanan sa uran.





Nagtawhay na an pamatyag ni Bin. Minsan, mas maayo man gali an may

dako na pamilya.





Pwede man sya na makakanam pirme sa labas.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Dinnah A. Bañares, Glenne M. Rivera, and Fatima Grace S. Llavore, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and

Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Mary Grace Ramos.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Akon Dako na Pamilya (My Big Family). 			 Author: Lưu Thị Lương. 			 Illustrator: Lê Thị Anh Thư.

		 			 Published by Room to Read, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/32698-nha-co-dong-nguoi-thi-sao 			 © Room to Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Ma. Lorina G. Cascato, marlin ocsing, Shirley Titong, marichu tan, REAN MIJARES





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 43

Page 46

Page 49

Page 52

Page 55

Page 58

Page 61

Page 62

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





