An Kakaiba na Bertdey


Lauren Hansu




Lauren Hansu





Birtdey ko yana. Unom na an akon edad. “Magigin kakaiba ini na adlaw,” sabi ni

nanay. Kay nano daw?





Mmmm... kahumot kag kanamit! Nagaluto kaya si nanay san espesyal na

pagkaon?





Nagluto si nanay san damo-damo na pansit pero dili man ini kakaiba. Siguro

may mas kakaiba na mangyayari. Nano kaya ini?





Nagpangsab-it si tatay san matahom na parol pero ginahimo nya man ini kada Chinese New Year. May kakaiba pa gayud na mangyayari. Nano kaya ini?





May ginbutang si nanay sa ref. Espesyal kaya ini?





Wow! Dako na keyk!





Espesyal an keyk pero pirme man ako may keyk kada birtdey ko. May kakaiba

pa gayud na mangyayari. Nano kaya ini?





“Isul-ot mo an pinakamatahom mo na bado,” sabi ni nanay. Kag ginsudlay nya san maayo an akon buhok. Pero pirme man namon ini ginahimo kada birtdey ko. May kakaiba pa gayud na mangyayari. Nano kaya ini?





“Ding-dong!” tunog san pwertahan. Baga’n may mga tawo sa labas.





Damo an akon bisita yana. Adi tanan an akon mga amigo kag amiga para

mag-atinder san akon birtdey.





Wow ! Kakaiba man gayud an akon birtdey yana!





Pahina ng Karapatang Magpalathala





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Aizzel M. Luzong, Vilma Ponferrada, Rolicelia Endrina, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Arlene Sabio.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Kakaiba na Bertdey (Ling's Special Gift). 			 Author: Lauren Hansu. 			 Illustrator: Lauren Hansu. 			 Editor: Riama Maslan Sihombing, Eva Y. Nukman, EorG.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, FEBIE ROSE TUMBAGA, Dennis Corlet, marlin ocsing, Shirley Titong, Carlos Jesus Liao, Rowena Tambago





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





