An Matam-is na Mansanas


Kedar Shrestha




Binita Buddhacharya





Nagatuna na san pagkolor si Ara.





“Dili ba dapat dulaw an kolor san adlaw, Anak?” hunga san iya iloy. “Pero amo ini an kolor san adlaw sa maaga, Nanay,” sabat ni Ara.





Ginakoloran ni Ara san brown an dahon. “Dili ba green an kolor san dahon, Anak?” hunga san iya iloy.





“Pero uga na po ini na dahon, Nanay.”





“Nanay, kitaon mo po! Nagpinta ako san matahom na burak.” “Pula an mga burak naton, Anak,” sabi san iya iloy. “Pero dulaw an mga burak sa amon

eskwelahan, Nanay.”





Nagapinta si Ara san gray na kalangitan. “Dili ba dapat kolor blue an kalangitan, Anak?” hunga san iya iloy. “Nagadulom an kalangitan kada gab-i, Nanay.”





Nagapinta si Ara san mansanas. “Dili ba dapat pula ina, Anak?” hunga

san iya iloy. “Hilaw pa ini na mansanas, Nanay.” Kadamuan san mansanas na green maaslom, Anak,” sabi san iya iloy.





“Nano po kay nagahandal ka, Nanay? Adi an matam-is na mansanas para sa

imo,” an sabi ni Ara.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Henche G. Cañelas, Mary Grace V. Delos Santos, Mary Joy M. Romero, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and

Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Zenaida Soler.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Matam-is na Mansanas (A Sweet Apple). 			 Author: Kedar Shrestha. 			 Illustrator: Binita Buddhacharya.

		 			 Published by Room to Read, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/54708-guliyo-sya-u 			 © Room to Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Angielou Basical, marlin ocsing, Christine Dellosa, Shirley Titong

		 			Signer: Rabita Deula





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





