An magbarkada na si Darwin kag Angel





Si Darwin kag Angel kay mag barkada.





Si Darwin kay ugwa san duwa na maganda na mata.





Si Angel kay ugwa san bagan sanga na ikog.





Si Darwin kay ugwa san mga tiil.





Si Angel kay wara san tiil.





Si Darwin kay nakatagilid pag naga lakat.





Ginahiwag ni Angel an iya ikog san magkabilaan para makalangoy.





Naglangoy si Angel pakadto kan Darwin.





Si Darwin kag si Angel malipay na nagkanam na magkaupod.





Si Darwin kag si Angel kay mahilig mag diskubre sa halapad na kadagatan.





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An magbarkada na si Darwin kag Angel (Crab and Fish Are Friends). 			 Author: . 			 Illustrator: . 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Jessa Maghilom





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 12

Page 13

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





