An Mga Gusto ni Dany


All Children Reading - Cambodia




May Sak





Gusto ni Dany san bisikleta.

Gusto ni Dany na magbisikleta.





Gusto ni Dany san motorsiklo.

Gusto ni Dany na magsakay san motorsiklo.





Gusto ni Dany san kotse.

Gusto ni Dany na magmaneho san kotse.





Gusto ni Dany san bus.

Gusto ni Dany na magmaneho san bus.





Gusto ni Dany san bakho.

Gusto ni Dany na magmaneho san bakho.





Gusto ni Dany san Jet Ski.

Gusto ni Dany na magmaneho san Jet Ski.





Gusto ni Dany san speedboat.

Gusto ni Dany magmaneho san speedboat.





Si Dany naga-adal kun pan-o magpadalagan san barko.





1. Nano an mga gusto ni Dany?

2. Nano an mga gusto imaneho ni Dany?

3. Sa pangita mo makamanehar kaya san barko si Dany? Kay nano?

4. Nano an gusto mo na maaraman pagmaneho? Kay nano?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Joanna Rose I. Gonzaga, Marlon G. Arididon, and Ma. Nicole Villanueva, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and

Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Mary Grace Ramos.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Mga Gusto ni Dany (What Dany Wants). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: May Sak.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Ronavie Espinosa





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 14

Page 17

Page 20

Page 23

Page 26

Page 29

Page 30

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





