An Maliga Na Soro-singsingan





An soro-singsingan kay damo san tiil.





Kulay pula an soro-singsingan.





Naglakat an soro-singsingan pakadto sa ido.





Ginhadlok san soro-singsingan an ido.





Nagdalagan an ido pa harayo sa soro-singsingan.





Ginkadto san soro-singsingan an manok.





Dili nahadlok an manok sa soro-singsingan.





Ginukdan san manok an soro-singsingan.





Nahadlok an soro-singsingan sa manok kaya nagtago siya kag pinurupot an iya sadiri.





San naghali na an manok, nagkamang na an soro-singsingan pakadto sa taas san puno.





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

		booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Maliga Na Soro-singsingan (Naughty Millipede). 			 Author: ທ. ໃຈເພັດ, ທ. ເອກບັນດິດ, ທ. ອັກຄະນີ, ນ. ເພັດມະນີ ແລະ ທ. ບຸນປະເສີດ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມມີໄຊ. 			 Illustrator: Khamphasone Sihapanya.

		 			 Published by , 			 			 ©

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved.

		 			Contributing translators: Annie Medina





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





