An mga Magurang kag mga Manghud na Lalaki


All Children Reading - Cambodia




Sorn Srey Nuch and May Sak





Si Dina may duha na manghod na lalaki.





Si Dina an subang na anak.





Si Doro kag si Dino anmga manghod na lalaki ni Dina.





Si Dina kag san iya mga manghod na lalaki nagakanam san soccer.





Si Susan may duha na magurang na lalaki.





Si Susan an puto sa magmaranghod.





Si Simo kag si Sito an mga magurang na lalaki ni Susan.





Nagkararigo sinda Susan kag san iya mga magurang na lalaki.





May manghod kag magurang man ako na lalaki.





Vino an pangaran san akon magurang na lalaki.





Vito an pangaran san manghod ko na lalaki.





Nagbaragat kami ninda Dina, Susan kag san inda mga magurang kag mga

manghod na lalaki.





Mga Hunga:

1. Pira an manghod na lalaki ni Dina?

2. Nano an gusto kanamon ni Dina kag san iya mga manghod?

3. Nano an pangaran san mga magurang na lalaki ni Susan?

4. Igwa ka ba san manoy o manay? Kun igwa, pira sinda kabilog? Nano an inda mga pangaran? Kun wara ka san mga magurang, sin-o an aram mo na igwa?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Junee L. Abetria, Fatima B. Refamonte, and Jane Abejuela, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Zenaida Soler.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An mga Magurang kag mga Manghud na Lalaki (Older and Younger Brother). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: Sorn Srey Nuch, May Sak.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Dahlia Cristobal, Fhernee Lim, Cristina Marie Tero, Ma. Lorina G. Cascato, Roda Daignre





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





