An Nawawara na Pato


Egambaram Kumudini




Thanuja Dilhani





Nakakita si Tharul san usad na pato. Igwa ini sin samad.





Pinangaranan ni Tharul an pato san Ducky.





Ginlinisan kag ginpakaon ni Tharul an pato.





Nakita san miya si Ducky.





Nakita san miya si Ducky.





Pero nasakitan gihapon sya.





Ginbantayan ni Tharul kag san iya mga amiga si Ducky.





Usad na adlaw, nakit-an san iya iloy na pato si Ducky.





Nag-uli na sinda sa inda balay.





Nagpaaram na sa mga pato sinda Tharul kag san iya mga amiga.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Henche G. Cañelas, Mary Grace V. Delos Santos, Mary Joy M. Romero, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and

Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Erma Alegre.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Nawawara na Pato (The Lost Duckling). 			 Author: Egambaram Kumudini. 			 Illustrator: Thanuja Dilhani.

		 			 Published by Room to Read, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/39688-the-lost-duckling 			 © Room to Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Cesar D. Almonicar, Jr., Dahlia Cristobal, Arlene B. Carmen, France katrina Basical

		 			Signer: Sagar K.C.





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





