An Regalo na Tsokolate


Tariq Manzoor




Tawfiq Ahmed Anwar





Yana an bertdey san amiga ni Tutul.





Nagkadto si Tutul sa iya iloy. “Bertdey yana san akon amiga,” sabi ni

Tutul. “Bakali man po ako san tsokolate.”





“May ginahimo ako sugad. Buligan ta ikaw nyan,” sabi san iloy.





Nagkadto naman si Tutul sa iya ama. “Papay, bakali man po ako san tsokolate.”





“May ginahimo ako sugad. Bakalan ta ikaw buwas,” sabi san ama.





Kag nagkadto naman sya sa iya lolo. “Lolo, bakali man po ako san tsokolate.

Please! Please! Please!”





“Pero wara man ako’n kwarta, apo,” sabat san iya lolo.





Nano ba an dapat himuon? Gurugusto gayud ni Tutul san tsokolate.





Taudtaod nakaisip si Tutul san pamaagi.





Nagkadto sya sa tindahan. “Ako an iloy ni Tutul. Hatagan mo ako san tsokolate,” sabi nya sa tindero.





Nagsabi an tindero, “Amo? Pero an iloy ni Tutul pirme nakasul-ot san aritos.

Hain an aritos mo?”





Nagbalik utro si Tutul sa tindahan. “Ako an ama ni Tutul.

Hatagan mo ako san tsokolate.”





Nakatawa an tindero kag nagsabi, “Igwa san barbas an ama ni Tutul.

Hain an imo barbas?”





May usad pa na naisip si Tutul...





“Ako an lolo ni Tutul. Hatagan mo ako san tsokolate,” sabi nya sa tindero.





Makusog na nagtawa an tindero kag ginhatagan nya san usad na tsokolate si Tutul.





Kag amo ini an pagkuha ni Tutul san tsokolate para sa bertdey san iya amiga.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Joanna Rose I. Gonzaga, Marlon G. Arididon, and Ma. Nicole Villanueva, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and

Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Zenaida Soler.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Regalo na Tsokolate (The Birthday Chocolate). 			 Author: Tariq Manzoor. 			 Illustrator: Tawfiq Ahmed Anwar.

		 			 Published by Room to Read, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/37692-janmodiner-chocolate 			 © Room to Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Ma. Lorina G. Cascato, marlin ocsing, Shirley Titong, marichu tan





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 23

Page 26

Page 29

Page 31

Page 32

Page 35

Page 38

Page 40

Page 41

Page 44

Page 47

Page 49

Page 50

Page 53

Page 56

Page 59

Page 62

Page 63

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





