An Ulod sa Amon Hardin


Tandi Jackson




Michael John





May ulod sa amon hardin. Sige lang siya san kaon.





Kun mainit siya nagakaon.





Bisan nagauran, sige lang gihapon siya sin kaon.





Dahon iya ginakaon.





Latoy iya ginakaon.





Mais sa hardin ni mama iya ginakaon.





1. Diin nagaistar an ulod?

2. San-o naga kaon an ulod?

3. Nano an iya ginakaon?

4. Nano kay urit an Mama? Nano an imo mababatyagan?





Hirimuon​



Magdrowing san ulod na nasa hardin.





Bilum Books publishes quality educational resources for schools in Papua New Guinea. Our publishing priority is literacy. Our commitment is to help raise the standards by producing quality books at reasonable prices and in line with the PNG Department of Education Syllabus. Bilum Books runs teacher-training workshops to assist the professional development of Elementary teachers, in particular.

Visit our website: www.bilumbooks.com or Facebook.





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			An Ulod sa Amon Hardin (Caterpillar Lives in Our Garden). 			 Author: Tandi Jackson. 			 Illustrator: Michael John.

		 			 Published by Bilum Books, 			http://bilumbooks.com/ 			 © Bilum Books. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2022. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Angielou Basical





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





