Aram ni Mena Kun Papan-o


All Children Reading - Cambodia




Mann Malen





Sa balay, maaram si Mena magluto san lugaw.





Si Mena maaram magluto san lugaw kag magtanum.





Si Mena maaram magluto san lugaw, magtanum, kag maglaba san mga bado.





Maaram si Mena magluto san lugaw, magtanum, maglaba kag magplantsa san

mga bado.





Si Mena maarammagluto san lugaw, magtanum, maglaba kag magplantsa san

bado, kag magbantay kan Nene.





Sa eskwelahan, si Mena maaram magsurat san mga istorya.





Maaram si Mena magsurat san mga istorya, magdagdag kag bawas sa

Matematika.





Si Mena maaram magsurat san mga istorya, magkwenta kag magdrowing.





Si Mena maaram magsurat san mga istorya, magkwenta, magdrowing kag

magsayaw.





Si Mena maaram magsurat san mga istorya, magkwenta, magdrowing,

magsayaw kag mag-ehersisyo.





Si Mena maaram magsurat san mga istorya, magkwenta, magdrowing,

magsayaw, mag-ehersisyo, kag magkanamsan badminton.





Si Mena maaram maghimo san damo na mga bagay. Pero an pinakagusto niya na himuon, an makikanam sa iya mga amiga kag amigo.





Mga Hunga:

1. Nano an aram ni Mena himuon sa balay?

2. Nano an aram ni Mena himuon sa Eskwelahan?

3. Nano an pinakapaborito himuon ni Mena?

4. Nano sani na mga bagay an kaya mo man himuon?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Juancho P. Azares, Gladys Judd D. Perez, and Jinky S. Paniza, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Marlon Ocsing





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Aram ni Mena Kun Papan-o (Narat Knows How). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: Mann Malen.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Jan Carl Dolores, Ma. Lorina G. Cascato, maan almadrones





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 41

Page 42

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





