Gusto Ko Magtago


Tandi Jackson




Michael Mape





Hain kaya sinda?





Adto sa taas san puno si Lola Marta.





Adto sa likod san puno si Lolo Maryo.





Adto si Angkol Melo sa tungod san mga masitas.





Si Anti Mila adto sa likod san bahay.





Aradi na sinda!





1. Nano an ginakanam san pamilya?

2. Nano na oras sinda nagakanam?

3. Sin-o an nagakanam san piyung-piyungan?

4. Diin nagtago si Lola Marta?

5. Diin nagtago si Lolo Maryo?

6. Hain sinda Anti Mila kag Angkol Melo?

7. Sin-o an nagahanap kanda Lola Marta, Lolo Maryo, Anti Mila kag Angkol

Melo?

8. Masadya ba sinda san inda kanam? Pan-o mo nasabi?

9. Nakakanam ka na ba san piyung-piyungan?

10. Nano pa an iba na ginakanam mo?

Himuon mo:

Magdrowing san imo paborito na kanam.





Nagaimprenta an Bilum Books san mga dekalidad na gamit na pang-edukasyon para sa mga eskwelahan sa Papua New

Guinea. Pag-aram san pagbasa an pinakatuyo san amon publikasyon. Responsibilidad namon an makabulig na itaas an kalidad san edukasyon sa paagi san paghimo san matatahom na libro sa resonable na presyo kag nagasunod sa PNG Department of Education Syllabus.





Ini na libro nahimo sa paagi san suporta san All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, kag san Australian Government, sa pakikipagbuligan sa Global Book Alliance. Ginpreparar ini san The Asia Foundation kag dili ibig sabihon amo ini an an prinsipyo na ginasunod san ACR GCD Founding Partners o san Global Book Alliance.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Junee L. Abetria, Fatima B. Refamonte, and Jane Abejuela, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Ella Rey.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Gusto Ko Magtago (I Want to Hide). 			 Author: Tandi Jackson. 			 Illustrator: Michael Mape.

		 			 Published by Bilum Books, 			http://bilumbooks.com/ 			 © Bilum Books. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Angielou M. Basical, Christine Dellosa, Shirley Titong





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





