Hain si Bonita?


Lyly Young




Lyly Young





Gusto magturog ni Pano...





... pero dili sya makaturog kun wara si Bonita.





“Hay, hain na ba idto si Bonita?” an sabi ni Pano.





“Basi nahulog sa idarom san katre. Si Bonita baidto?” an nahuna-huna ni

Pano.





Usad na kamiseta pareho san kolor ni Bonita, pero dili ini si Bonita.

Nakalingi sya. “Si Bonita ba idto?” an hunga ni Pano.





Hay, kahuna ni Pano na an tumpok san bola-bola, an tasel na ni Bonita.





“Si Bonita ba ini? Pareho sinda san korte,” an sabi ni Pano.





“Eeek, may tiki!” an siyak ni Pano.





“Mamay, may tiki!” an siyak ni Pano myentras nagadalagan pakadto sa iya iloy.





“May, maturog na ako. Hain po si Bonita?” hunga ni Pano.





Malambing na ginhatag san iya iloy si Bonita kag gin-agda na sya pagturog.





Maayo an turog ni Pano kay kupkop nya si Bonita.





The Asia Foundation. Ang proyekto ng paggawa ng mga libro ay itinatampok ang mga dakilang babae bilang mga pangunahing tauhan sa istorya at kasama ang mga babaeng manunulat, illustrator, editor at designer. Ang librong Ito ay nilikha sa pamamagitan ng pagsasagawa ng workshop sa pagtutulungan ng Litara Foundation at The Asia Foundation at sa suporta ng Estee Lauder Companies. Ang workshop at ang professional development kasama na ang pag edit at pagdidisenyo ng aklat na ito ay isinagawa ng Litara Foundation.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Junee L. Abetria, Fatima B. Refamonte, and Jane Abejuela, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Maria Winnie Martonito.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Hain si Bonita? (Where Is Bonta?). 			 Author: Lyly Young. 			 Illustrator: Lyly Young. 			 Editor: Riama Maslan Sihombing, Eva Y. Nukman, EorG.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Novy Clores, Amancio Cantoria, France katrina Basical





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 16

Page 18

Page 20

Page 22

Page 24

Page 27

Page 28

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





