Kaya Man Ina ni Duma!


Ina Inong




Poppy Rahayu





Nano kay ginpukaw ni lola si Duma san atab pa? Holiday man yana.





“Mag-upod ka pakadlagan,” sabi ni lola.

“Hay lola gusto ko pa magkaturog,” sabat ni Duma.





“Blag!” tunog san ginsira na pwertahan.

“Hala! solo na lang ako,” sabi ni Duma.





“Lola... hulata ako!” sabi nya.





“Wow!” sabi ni Duma pakakita san mga aratilis. Nawara an iya kapirawon kag

ginutom sya.





May mga hinog na aratilis sa taas san puno pero dili nya kaya abuton.





“Wow!” sabi ni Duma pakakita nya kan lola na gin-abot an mga aratilis.





“Kaya ko man ina,” sabi pa nya.





“Nano an ginahimo ni lola?”





“Kaya ko man ina.”





“Nakatabok si lola sa suba? Kaya ko man ina.”





Gusto na mag-uli ni Duma pero sabi ni lola harayo pa an pinakamatam-is na dugos sa intiro kinab-an.





“Dugos?” naisip ni Duma an matam-is na dugos.

Dili na sya makahulat na matilawan ini.





“Hamos na lola!” sabi nya.





“Adi na kita,” sabi ni lola. Nahuhumutan na ni lola an dugos.

Nahuhumutan man ini ni Duma.





“Wow! Nakasakbat na si lola! Kaya ko man ina.”





“Maabot an panahon, magigin kapareho man ako ni lola,”naisip ni Duma.





©2019, The Asia Foundation. Ini na proyekto sa pagsurat san libro may katuyuan na hatagan san pagkilala an kababaihan na may kakaiba na kakayahan. Sinda an primero na tawohan sa istorya kaupod man an mga babaye na parasurat, illustrador, editor, kg paradrowing. Ini na libro hinimo paagi sa pag-adal kag pagburulig san Litara Foundation kag sa suporta san Estée Lauder Companies. An pag praktis kag san iba pa na propesyonal na aspeto pareho san pagadrowing kag pagasurat san libro ginhimo san Litara Foundation.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Aizzel M. Luzong, Vilma Ponferrada, Rolicelia Endrina and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Maria Winnie Martonito.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Kaya Man Ina ni Duma! (Duma Can Do It Too!). 			 Author: Ina Inong. 			 Illustrator: Poppy Rahayu. 			 Editor: Sofie Dewayani, Irawati Subrata, Eva Y. Nukman.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Cesar Almonicar, Enrique Villasis, Dahlia Cristobal, Ruffa Mae Velasco, Angielou M. Basical, Jona Royo, France katrina Basical





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 40

Page 43

Page 46

Page 49

Page 52

Page 55

Page 58

Page 61

Page 63

Page 65

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





