Kun Wara An Iloy


Tandi Jackson




Michael Mape





Si Bibay naga-istar sa usad na purok. May sakit siya. An iya iloy amu an nagabantay sa iya.





Sin-o an malinis san balay? Sin-o an matrabaho sa tanuman?





Sin-o an maluto san pagkaon? Sin-o an malaba san mga bado?





Matrabaho ako sa tanuman.





Malinis ako san amun balay.





Maluto ako san pagkaon.





Malaba ako san mga bado.





Sino an mabantay san dyutay na bata?





Kami tanan an mabantay san dyutay na bata.





Mga Hunga:

1. Sa diin makadto an iloy kay nagsakay siya sa sarakyan? Kay nanu?

2. Malipay ba an pamilya na makita an iloy? Pano mo naarman?

3. Nanu kaya an rason kay bagan nagahandal an ama?

4. Sin-o an nagbulig sa ama?

5. Pan-o nagbulig an bata na lalaki sa tanuman?

6. Pan-o nagbulig an bata na babae sa paglinis san balay?

7. Sin-o an nagluto?

8. Sin-o an nagbantay san dyutay na bata?

9. Maging malipay ba an iloy pag siya makauli na sa inda balay? Kay nanu?

10. Nano an mga ginahimo mo para makabulig sa iyo balay?



Himuon

Magdrowing san mga ginahimo mo na nakabulig sa iyo balay?





Bilum Books publishes quality educational resources for schools in Papua New Guinea. Our publishing priority is literacy. Our commitment is to help raise the standards by producing quality books at reasonable prices and in line with the PNG Department of Education Syllabus. Bilum Books runs teacher-training workshops to assist the professional development of Elementary teachers, in particular.

Visit our website: www.bilumbooks.com or Facebook.





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Kun Wara An Iloy (When Mama is Away). 			 Author: Tandi Jackson. 			 Illustrator: Michael Mape.

		 			 Published by Bilum Books, 			http://www.bilumbooks.com/ 			 © Bilum Books. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2022. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: May Joy Padernal Recaña





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





