Kun Nag-Uran


Ade Cynthia





Kami na magmanghod mahilig magkanam sa pasyaran.





Usad na adlaw, myentras kami nagakanam bigla na la nag-uran.





Dali-dali ako naghanap san masirungan, pero nagpadayon pa gihapon sa pagakanam an akon manghod.





Dili ko ila an uran. Ginahimo sani an adlaw na mamunduon. Nababasa ako

sani, na pwede magin rason san akon pagmasakit.





Kaati! Natamsikan ako san lapok san akon manghod!





Basa-basa na an akon bado. Basa-basa naman an bado san akon manghod pero wara sya san labot. Sige la gihapon sya san kanam, malipay na nagakanam.





Taudtaod, nagkampay an akon manghod kag nagdalagan pauli. Hala! Nagadalagan sya sa tunga san uran!





Madalagan man ba ako? Habo ko mabasa. Pero habo ko man magsolo sa

pasyaran.





Pssh! Pssh! Pssh!





Hmm...





Kadamo-damo’n lapok....





Lumpat! Lumpat! Lumpat!





Oy! Nagataramsik an tubig maski diin!





Ha ha ha! Masadya gali magkanam sa uran.





Nag-udong na an uran. Oras na para mag-uli.





Adto na an akon manghod. Nginarat sya san makita ako.





...basa-basa kag lapukon. Masurusadya gali an magkarigo sa uran. Kaya gurugusto ko na kun nagauran.





Copyright Page





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Junee L. Abetria, Fatima B. Refamonte, and Jane Abejuela, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Cheryl Major.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Kun Nag-Uran (When It Rained). 			 Author: Ade Cynthia. 			 Illustrator: . 			 Editor: Riama Maslan Sihombing.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, ARIEL T. OLIMBA, Brendan Boland, JOCELYN DELLOSA, France katrina Basical, The Busy Pinoy Mom





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 3

Page 5

Page 7

Page 9

Page 11

Page 13

Page 15

Page 17

Page 19

Page 21

Page 23

Page 25

Page 27

Page 29

Page 31

Page 33

Page 35

Page 36

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





