Mabisita sinda Bam kag Tan


All Children Reading - Cambodia





Mabisita kami kan Sam.





Mabisita kami kan Sara.





Mabisita kami kan Sak.





Mabisita kami kan Bona.





Mabisita kami kan Bok.





Mabisita kami kan Beki.





Mabisita kami kan Betty.





Mabisita kami kan tiyo kag tiya.





1. Sin-o an una na ginbisita ninda Bam kag Tan?

2. Sin-o an urhi ninda na ginbisita?

3. Sa paghuna mo, nano kay ginbista ninda si Sam, Sak, Sara, Bok, Bona,

Betty, Beki, tiyo kag tiya?

4. Nakabisita ka na ba sa iba na balay? Sin-o an kaupod mo?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Aizzel M. Luzong, Vilma Ponferrada, and Rolicelia Endrina, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Zenaida Soler.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Mabisita sinda Bam kag Tan (Da and Sa Want to Visit). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: .

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Hannah Bartolata, Angielou M. Basical, France katrina Basical





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





