Mapakain Sinda?


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Chhoun Sambath





Nagkadto si Ring-Ring sa karanaman.





Nakita ni Ring-Ring si Bip-Bip.





Nagkadto si Bip-Bip sa istasyon san tren.





Nakita ni Bip-Bip si Chu-Chu.





Nagkadto si Chu-Chu sa uma.





Nakita ni Chu-Chu si Broom-Broom.





Nagkadto si Broom-Broom sa parke.





Nakita ni Broom-Broom si Tin-Tin.

Urupod an lima na mag-aramigo pakadto sa parke.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Aizzel M. Luzong, Vilma Ponferrada, Rolicelia Endrina, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Bonita Lumagas.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Mapakain Sinda? (Where Do They Go?). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Chhoun Sambath.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Maria Teresa Septimo, Ruel Altiche, krentz roszel havana, marlin ocsing, Ma Jeline Hermocilla





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 13

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 29

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





