Mga Pangamusta


Tandi Jackson




Michael Mape





Maayo na aga.





Maayo na aga.





Maayo na aga.





Maayo na aga.





Maayo na hapon.





Maayo na hapon.





Maayo na hapon.





Maayo na hapon.





Maayo na gab-i.





Mga Hunga sa Pagsabot

1. Nano an mga ginahimo mo sa aga?

2. Nano an nakikita mo kun aga?

3. Nano an ginasabi mo para bation sinda?

4. Nano an mga ginahimo mo sa hapon?

5. Nano an nakikita mo kun hapon?

6. Nano an ginasabi mo sa inda pag hapon?

7. Nano an ginahimo mo pag gab-i?

8. Sin-o an mga tawo na nakikita mo kun gab-i?

9. Nano an ginasabi mo pag maturog ka na kun gab-i?

10 .May naisip ka pa ba na iba na ginasabi mo sa mga tawo agod bation sinda?

Hirimuon

Magdrowing san imo ginahimo pag:

> aga

> hapon

> gab-i





An Bilum Books nagaimprenta san mga de-kalidad na mga barasahon para sa mga eskwelahan sa Papua New Guinea. An amon prayoridad sa pag-imprenta an pag-aram. An amon pagkumitar amo an pagbulig sa pagpataas san standard pamaagi sa paghimo san mga de-kalidad kag barato na mga libro na susog sa silabus sa PNG Department of Education. An Bilum Books nagapadalagan san mga teacher-training workshops agod makabulig sa propesyunal na pagtalubo, labi na gayod san mga maestra sa elementarya.

Bisitaha an amon website: www.bilumbooks.com o Facebook





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





Brought to you by



Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

booksforasia.org

To read more books like this and get further information, visit

letsreadasia.org.

Original Story

			Greetings, Author: Tandi Jackson. Illustrator: Michael Mape.

Published by Bilum Books, http://bilumbooks.com/ © Bilum Books. Released under CC-BY-4.0.

This work is a modified version of the original story. © The Asia Foundation, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.

For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Contributing translators: Angielou M. Basical and Sherwin Balbuena





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





