Mga gamit sa pagtanom san humay.





Tona na para mag-tanom san humay.





Naga-gamit si Papa san pang-bukad sa duta para sa iya ita-tanom.





Nag-gamit si Papa san kalkag para magbungkal san duta sa humayan.





Gina-gamitan man ni Papa san pang-bukad para sa duta kag magka-igwa ine san luho na kun diin didto niya itatanom an dinghot san humay.





An iya magurang naga-gamit san pala para makuha an duta.





Ang magurang niya na babayi naga-gamit man san pang-hukay sa duta para magka-igwa san tanda kun diin didto ibubutang an itatanom na dinghot san palay.





Si Mama naman naga-gamit san pang-utod san dinghot san humay.





Ginagamit man ni Mama an sundang para magturumpong an dinghot san humay.





Tanan na nagabulig pagkuha san humay ginagamitan ninda ine san matarom na bagay para mautod ang dinghot na kun diin didto nagatubo an pasi na magiging bugas.





Children need books with characters, themes, and settings that reflect and affirm their lives and provide opportunities to explore the world. The Asia Foundation’s Let’s Read initiative builds networks of book creators and translators to develop an unprecedented digital library of local language children’s books that provides meaningful reading opportunities. The Let’s Read storybook platform is accessible at: https://letsreadasia.org/

Let’s Read in Timor-Leste provides children the opportunity to fall in love with reading and improve literacy levels. The Asia Foundation in Timor-Leste collaborates with Timorese book creators and translators, and the Ministry of Education to develop local stories with positive messages and distribute books to children in rural areas. Our partnership with Timor Telecom enables Timor Telecom mobile customers to read books free of data charges on the #Let’sRead at: the link https://single.letsreadasia.org&nbsp;





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Mga gamit sa pagtanom san humay. (Tools for Rice Farming). 			 Author: Othong KhamInsou. 			 Illustrator: Ounla Santhi. 			 Editor: Onchanh Phetchantharath, Pakian Luangxaysana.

		 			 Published by , 			https://letsreadasia.org/ 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Kendra Esquilla, gilbert villasis





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





