Nagaligid


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Khiev Sothina





An baso kaya magligid.

An botelya kaya man magligid.





An tinidor, dili kaya magligid.





An bola san football kaya magligid.

An bola san takraw kaya man magligid.





An raketa, dili kaya magligid.





An bunga san bayabas kaya magligid.

An bunga san atis kaya man magligid.





An saging, dili kaya magligid.





An tubo, kaya magligid.

An timba kaya man magligid.





An silhig, dili kaya magligid.





An kamatis, kaya magligid.

An singkamas, kaya man magligid.





An ugat san luy-a na dulaw dili pwede kaligid.





Sa maabot na mga adlaw kaya man naton magligid.





Gusto man namon magligid.





. .





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Juancho P. Azares, Gladys Judd D. Perez, and Jinky S. Paniza, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Marlyn Ocsing.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Nagaligid (Rolling). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Khiev Sothina.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jan Carl Dolores, Michael Wilson Rosero, marlin ocsing, REAN MIJARES





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 16

Page 19

Page 22

Page 25

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 37

Page 41

Page 42

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





