Pagkadto sa Eskwelahan





Una na adlaw san klasehan.

Nag preparar na an Gamay na Elepante.





Nag-butang san bolpen an gamay na elepante sa iya hambag.





Nag-butang san lapis sa iya hambag an Gamay na Elepante.





​Nag-butang san libro sa iya hambag an Gamay na Elepante.





Nag-butang utro san libro sa iya hambag an Gamay na Elepante.





In sul-ot san gamay na elepante ang iya hambag.

Nag pa eskwelahan na ang gamay na Elepante.





Nag-lakat na pasulod san eskwelahan an Gamay na Elepante.





An iba na estudyante nag tarawa.

"Mali an pag sul-ot san sapatos san gamay na Elepante!"

sabi ninda.&nbsp;





Nag-tago an Gamay na Elepante sa idalom san puno.

In apikihan siya san Maestra.

"Kita-a an imo sapatos kag san imo tiil," sabi san Maestra.





"Amo ini an tama na sapatos".





"Amo ini an wala na sapatos," sabi san Maestra.





Nasa tama na tiil na an sapatos san Gamay na Elepante.

Nag sulod na utro an Gamay na Elepante.&nbsp;





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.

​





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Pagkadto sa Eskwelahan (Going to School). 			 Author: ຄໍາແກ້ວ ຍອດຄໍາຂັນ. 			 Illustrator: ສຸພາເພີນ ສຸວັນນະບັນດິດ. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Gressa Pepito





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 13

Page 14

Page 16

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





