Pan-o nakuha san mga insekto an inda mga kulay





"Mga amigo, makadto kita sa tanuman san mga burak," sabi ni alibang-bang.&nbsp;





"Hala! Kadamon mga burak!" sabi san alibang-bang. "Maging makulay kita parehas ninda."&nbsp;&nbsp;





"Ako kay&nbsp;blue"&nbsp;sabi san gangis.&nbsp;





"Ako kay pula," sabi san tiw-tiw.





"Ako kay dulaw," sabi san buyog.&nbsp;





"Ginhalo ko an pula kag dulaw," sabi san bakukang. "Kaya nahimo na&nbsp;orange. Ako yana kay&nbsp;​orange."





"Ginhalo ko an&nbsp;blue&nbsp;kag dulaw," sabi san apan. "Kaya nahimo na&nbsp;​green.&nbsp;Ako yana kay&nbsp;​green.





"Ginhalo ko an pula kag ​blue," sabi san alibang-bang. "Kaya nahimo na&nbsp;purple.&nbsp;Ako yana kay ​purple."





"Gusto ko man maging makulay kaparehas san mga amigo ko," sabi san ulod.





"Dili ina mahirap," sabi san buyog. "Bubuligan ka namon."





"Hala! Pito an akon kulay," sabi san ulod.&nbsp;





"Yehey! Tanan kita may mga matahom na kulay."





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.





This work was created with the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in partnership with the Global Book Alliance. This work was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Such modifications or translations are not an official translation of the ACR GCD, and ACR GCD will not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Pan-o nakuha san mga insekto an inda mga kulay (How the Insects Got Their Colors). 			 Author: ສຸກສະດາ ສຸດທິໄຊ. 			 Illustrator: ຄຳພະສອນ ສີຫາປັນຍາ. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Precious Ann Alburo





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 15

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





