Sapat sa akon Natad.





Igwa'n pasadi-sadi na klase san sapat sa akon natad.





Igwa'n guruganda an kolor na kalibangbang.





Kalibangbang na nagalupad-lupad sa palibot.





Buyog na nagainom sin matam-is na duga hali sa burak.





An Doron na nagakaon sin burak san humay.





An grupo san hurnigas na nagahakwat sin pagkaon.





Hurnigas na nagalakat sin sabay-sabay na nakapila.





An tiwtiw na naghugdon sa kable.





An Gangis na nagakanta sa sanga san puno.&nbsp;





Nagsarayaw sabay-sabay an mga sapat sa natad.





This product is made possible through the support of the All Children Reading: A Grand Challenge for Development (ACR GCD) Founding Partners (the United States Agency for International Development [USAID], World Vision, and the Australian Government) in collaboration with the Global Book Alliance. It was prepared by The Asia Foundation and does not necessarily reflect the views of the ACR GCD Founding Partners or the Global Book Alliance. Any adaptation or translation of this work should not be considered an official ACR GCD translation, and ACR GCD shall not be liable for any content or errors in this translation.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Sapat sa akon Natad. (Insects in my village). 			 Author: ທ. ມົນໄທ, ທ. ບິກໂຊ, ທ. ສິນໄຊ, ນ. ທິບພະຈັນ ແລະ ນ. ພອນພະຈັນ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນສ້າງຄູ້.. 			 Illustrator: Saotoula Khounphomxay. 			 Editor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://letsreadasia.org/ 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Ma. Cyrus Hanna V. Onrubia





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





