Si Koneho kag si Ido





Si Koneho kag si Ido kay maayo na mag-amigo.&nbsp;





Masadya na nagakanam sinda Koneho kag Ido na magkaupod.&nbsp;





Ginakantahan ni Koneho si Ido.&nbsp;





Nagaplawta si Koneho myentras nagasayaw si Ido.&nbsp;





Nagagitara si Ido para kay Koneho.





Ginagukdan san duwa an mga kalibangbang.





Nagpudo si Koneho kag si Ido san prutas para makaon.





Nagpudo an duwa san damo-damo na prutas.





Nagturog sinda Koneho kag Ido kadali.&nbsp;





Si Koneho kag Ido, nag-uli na sa inda mga balay.





Pum Anh Lao is a nonprofit, social enterprise that publishes children’s books and promotes reading for disadvantaged groups. Pum Anh conducts writers’ workshops with children and adults to develop stories – including for children with disabilities and for ethnic minorities. Pum Anh has developed, designed and illustrated a wide range of teaching and reading materials for UN agencies and NGOs, working closely with the Ministry of Education and Sports and the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism.&nbsp;





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Si Koneho kag si Ido (Rabbit and Dog). 			 Author: ທ. ມົນໄທ, ທ. ບິກໂຊ, ທ. ສິນໄຊ, ນ. ທິບພະຈັນ ແລະ ນ. ພອນພະຈັນ. ນັກຮຽນຈາກໂຮງຮຽນປະຖົມສົມບູນສ້າງຄູ້.. 			 Illustrator: Anouphong. 			 Editor: Pum Anh. 			 Contributor: Pum Anh.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, #_published_year_#. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution,

		 			Contributing translators: Cyril Zaragoza





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





