Su Sirom saka su Tinapay


Durga Lal Shrestha




Binita Buddhacharya





May usad na hurmigas kag pinggis san pan sa dalan.





Sudipon myentras pirit ginabutong san maisog na hurmigas an pan.





Busol sadi, busol sadto.

Diri nagpupundo sa pagbusol.

Napaligid saka nagbalintong Diri pa nanggad su tinapay naiusog.





Ginaparaguyod niya, pero waran nangyari.





Pero, diri iya pinnupundo.





Pero dili siya nag-udong!





“Binabauyan ko mga amiga saka

amigo. Inaayat ko dakulong

tabang ninyo. Naggagamit na ako kadi mikropono ta kamo sana tabi a pag-asa ko.”





Dili siya nawar-an sin pag-asa. Nangayo siya sin bulig sa iya mga amigo!





Ngamin na siromnag-abot ku

pagbaoy niya.

Tabang-tabang na sira sa pag-alsa.





Nagpaburulig-bulig an mga hurmigas.





Giyapon busol saka butong.

Sinasabayan nira sa kanta su iwag ku kariton.





Myentras nagakanta, ginaduso kag ginaguyod ninda an karita maghapon.





Sa wakas nadara man nanggad sadto

baloy nira su tinapay.





Sa wakas naabot man ninda an puntod.





Inapag saka binanga-banga su

tinapay na dara-dara nira.

Biyo sirang namumuya ta ngamin

nakanamit ko pinagalan nira.





"Ibutang an pan para sa tanan," sabi san iloy na hurmigas. Ginturunga kag ginsaruhan ninda kaunon an panigab-i.





Tungod sa Manunurat

Usad na bantog na makata san Nepal Bhasa kag Nepali si Durga Lal Shrestha. Bilang usad na maestro san NepalBhasa kag KanyaMandig Higher Secondary School san 19 50 shasta 19 70 s, nagsurat siya san mga kanta para maging inspirasyon sa mga kabataan na magsabi san inda nababatyagan sa inda sadiri na surmaton. Bantog an iya mga kanta sa entiro Kathmandu Valley kag an koleksyon san iya mga kanta na pambata kay pira na kabeses na imprenta kag hasta yana padayon na ginaimprenta.





This book was adapted as part of ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia

Foundation (TAF), SIL LEAD, and Florida State University (FSU). This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado, Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sharo Pelingon, Cheryl Tabarangao, Maureen Guadalupe, and Grace Rabelas, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). This book was field tested by Ma. Christina Daliza.





This book was adapted as part of ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia

Foundation (TAF), SIL LEAD, and Florida State University (FSU). This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado, Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sharo Pelingon, Cheryl Tabarangao, Maureen Guadalupe, and Grace Rabelas, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). This book was field tested by Ma. Christina Daliza.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Su Sirom saka su Tinapay (Ant and Bread). 			 Author: Durga Lal Shrestha. 			 Illustrator: Binita Buddhacharya. 			 Editor: Muna Gurung, Sharareh Bajracharya, Niranjan Kunwar.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Enrique Villasis, Janette Solinap, France katrina Basical, Bernard Barruga





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 3

Page 4

Page 4

Page 14

Page 16

Page 17

Page 19

Page 20

Page 22

Page 23

Page 25

Page 26

Page 28

Page 29

Page 31

Page 32

Page 34

Page 35

Page 38

Page 39

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





