Ang Gusto ni Dina


All Children Reading - Cambodia




May Sak





Duro ang gusto ni Dina.

Gusto ni Dina kang bisikleta.

Gusto ni Dina magsakay sa bisikleta.





Gusto ni Dina kang motorsiklo.

Gusto ni Dina magsakay sa motorsiklo.





Gusto ni Dina kang kotse.

Gusto ni Dina mag-drive kang kotse.





Gusto ni Dina kang bus.

Gusto ni Dina mag-drive kang bus.





Gusto ni Dina kang backhoe.

Gusto ni Dina mag-drive kang backhoe.





Gusto ni Dina kang jetski.

Gusto ni Dina mag-drive kang jetski.





Gusto ni Dina kang speed boat.

Gusto ni Dina mag-drive kang speed boat.





Gusto ni Dina kang barko.

Gusto ni Dina mag-drive kang barko.





Mga Pamangkot

1. Ano ang gusto ni Dina?

2. Ano ang gusto i-drive ni Dina?

3. Sa panilag mo, masarangan si Dina mag-drive kang barko? Wanhaw?

4. Ano ang gusto mo matun-an i-drive? Wanhaw?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Editha Gipal, Jezreel Bantolo and Melchie Caduada and field tested by Karen Mae Juanich.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ang Gusto ni Dina (What Dany Wants). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: May Sak.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jose Edison C. Tondares, Mc Junes T. Vitudio, Kea Chiva





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





