Ang Kuon ni Tatay


All Children Reading - Cambodia




ឡម ភីរៈ





Gusto ni Nonoy magsag-ub kang tubig.





Kuon ka ana nga Tatay, “Sagapa rugto anay si Tito mo.”





Gusto ni Nonoy magbayo kang paray.





Kuon ka ana nga Tatay, “Sagapa rugto anay si Nanay mo.”





Gusto ni Nonoy magsipal sa lao.





Kuon ka ana nga Tatay, “Rugto ikaw lang sa nabaw.”





Gusto ni Nonoy mamaligya kang pechay.





Kuon ka ana nga Tatay, “Rugto ikaw baligya sa duro tawo.”





Gusto ni Nonoy mag-agto sa talipapa.





Kuon ka ana nga Tatay, “Sagapa rugto anay si Tito mo.”





Gusto ni Nonoy magsakay sa motor.





Kuon ka ana nga Tatay, “Suksok ikaw kang helmet.”





Mga Pamangkot

1. Kang gusto ni Nonoy magbayo kang paray, sin-o ang ginpasagap kang Tatay na kana?

2. Sa diin gusto ni Nonoy mag-agto pagkatapos na maligya kang pechay?

3. Kang gusto ni Nonoy magsakay sa motor, ano ang ginhambal kang Tatay

na kana? Wanhaw?

4. Kun may gusto ikaw himuon, kay sin-o ikaw nagapabulig? Wanhaw?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by May Glenn Siacor, Aurelio Odiong and Sarah Michelle Nietes, and field tested by Febe Domingo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ang Kuon ni Tatay (What Dad Says). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: ឡម ភីរៈ.

		 			 Published by , 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © . 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: rpdo Research





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Page 13

Page 14

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





