Ano ang Kinaiya ni Iput-iput?


Syeda Farzana Zaman Rumpa




Mahbubur Rahman





May sangka gamay nga iput-iput nga nagauli sa kakahuyan. Mahilig tana maglibot-libot nga nagaisarahanun samtang nagapanumdum.

Guwapa kag guwapo tana kanakun ang tanan. Ano ayhan ang akun tuyo? Sin-o gid bala ako?





Sa kakahuyan, guwapa kag guwapo ang tanan!

Bisan ang tibakla nagapanago sa kahilamunan.





Ang mga alibangbang nagalupad sa mga bulak, daw pininta nga mga laragway!





Ginagamit kang Tiwis ang ana tuktok sa pag-obra kang ana pugad,

daw reyna kun maghulag sa ana pugad.





Ang damang sa kahoy nagasaylo-saylo,

nagabalay kang asul kag nagaidlak nga lawa rugto.





Sa katandus nagahinagung sanda tanan,

mga buyog nagatipon kang dugus kang kabulakan.





Nagpadayon sa pagpanumdum si Iput-iput.

May pinasahi man bala ako nga kinaiya?





Paagto sa suba tana nagalupad-lupad.

Manami nga yuhum ang kana nagtampad!





Iput-iput, indi run magkabalaka,

kun makita mo nga paabot ang gabii.





Sa paglupad-lupad na sa ibabaw kang tubig nga madulum

pungyahun ni Iput-iput daw bituon sa katahum.





Pamangkot ni Suba, “Naman-an mo run kun ano ang may rugyan ikaw?”

Kag si Iput-iput masadya nga nagigpat- igpat kag nagsanag ang suba.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Leticia Arevalo, Phoenix Allanah Zandria Tordesillas and Bernadette Ordinario, and field tested by Rizel Asuncion.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ano ang Kinaiya ni Iput-iput? (What Does The Firefly Have?). 			 Author: Syeda Farzana Zaman Rumpa. 			 Illustrator: Mahbubur Rahman.

		 			 Published by Room to Read, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/37767-amar-achhe-kee-bhabe-jonaki 			 © Room to Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jose Edison C. Tondares





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





