Espesyal nga Regalo kay Ling


Lauren Hansu




Lauren Hansu





Birthday ko run! Kuon ni Nanay, ang ikapito nga birthday, espesyal.

Wanhaw ayhan espesyal?





Hmmm... hamot ba ang raha ni Nanay.

Nagahanda haw si Nanay ka espesyal?





Pirmi! Pero pirmi lang man pansit ang raha ni Nanay. May espesyal pa siguro rugya ka dya?





Abaw, kanami ka dya nga mga star! Ay, pero pirmi man nagabitay si Tatay kang star kada Bag-ong Tuig. May espesyal pa siguro rugya ka dya?





Ano tana ria ang ginsulud ni Nanay sa ref man? Espesyal man ria ayhan?





Wow, bahul-bahul nga birthday cake ba!





Nanamian takun kang cake nga duro huruypun nga kandila. Ugaring amo man dya pirmi nga cake ang ginahimo ni Nanay kada birthday ko.

Hmm... May mas espesyal pa siguro rugya ka dya?





Ginparigusan kag ginpaislan ako ni Nanay. Tapos ginkay-ad na ang akun buhok. Daw sa nagaugtas run ako ka hulat sa espesyal nga ria!





Tok tok tok!

Ay, sin-o tana ria nagapanuktok man?





Hala! Duro tawo!





Nanghagad gali si Nanay ka mga amiga kag amigo ko!





Yehey! Iririmaw kami magkaun. Amo gid dya ang espesyal!





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Amy Fe Pagunsan, Francisco Misajon Jr. and Dream Rose Malayo, and field tested by Meribel Dollolasa.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Espesyal nga Regalo kay Ling (Ling's Special Gift). 			 Author: Lauren Hansu. 			 Illustrator: Lauren Hansu. 			 Editor: Riama Maslan Sihombing, Eva Y. Nukman, EorG.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Crisanto Miranda, Jose Edison Tondares





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 17

Page 20

Page 23

Page 26

Page 29

Page 32

Page 35

Page 38

Page 41

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





