Mga Gurang kag Libayun nga Lalaki


All Children Reading - Cambodia




Sorn Srey Nuch and May Sak





May darwa ka libayun nga lalaki si Dina.





Si Dina ang kagurangnan.





Sanday Mario kag Marco ang mga libayun ni Dina.





Nagasipal sanday Dina kag ana mga libayun nga lalaki kang soccer.





May darwa ka magurang nga lalaki si Maica.





Kalibaynan nga bata si Maica.





Sanday Noel kag James ang mga magurang ni Maica.





Nagalangoy sanday Maica kag ana mga magurang nga lalaki.





May libayun kag magurang ako nga lalaki.





Magurang ko nga lalaki si Rafael.





Libayun ko nga lalaki si Jiru.





Makitaay kami nanday Dina kag ana mga libayun nga lalaki kag nanday Maica kag ana mga magurang nga lalaki.





Mga Pamangkot

1. Pira ka bilog ang mga bugto ni Dina?

2. Ano ang kalingawan nanday Dina kag ka ana nga mga bugto?

3. Ano ang mga ngaran ka mga magurang ni Maica?

4. May mga bugto bala ikaw nga babayi kag lalaki? Kun may rugyan, pira sanda ka bilog? Ano ang anda nga mga ngaran? Kun wara ikaw ti mga bugto, sin-o ang kilala mo nga may rugyan?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by May Glenn Siacor, Aurelio Odiong and Sarah Michelle Nietes, and field tested by Febe Domingo.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Mga Gurang kag Libayun nga Lalaki (Older and Younger Brother). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: Sorn Srey Nuch, May Sak.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Reniel M. Tabuena, Mary Hyazinth Guanzon, Jose Edison C. Tondares, Mirah Day A. Ballarta, Kea Chiva





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 15

Page 17

Page 19

Page 21

Page 23

Page 25

Page 27

Page 28

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





