Nakita ni Imok si Imak


All Children Reading - Cambodia




Sorn Srey Nuch





Nakita ni Imok si Imak nga nagaturog.





Nakita ni Imok si Imak nga nagainum.





Nakita ni Imok si Imak nga nagapanaog sa kahoy.





Nakita ni Imok si Imak nga nagapangita kang pagkaun.





Nakita ni Imok si Imak nga nagakaun.





Nakita ni Imok si Imak nga naghalin sa tiyendahan.





Nakita ni Imok si Imak nga nagapaagto-pabalik. Sin-o ayhan ang ginahulat na?





Oh! Nakita ni Imok si Imak, Kambang, kag Bibi nga nagabakal sa tiyendahan.





Mga Pamangkot:

1. Sin-o ang mga nakita ni Imok?

2. Ano ang nakita ni Imok nga ginbakal ni Imak?

3. Sin-o ang mga ginhulat ni Imak?

4. Nakaagi bala ikaw nga may ginsundan? Ano-ano ang nakita mo?





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Joven Guion, Glenn Marion Encila and Ma. Adrilyn Lacurom, and field tested by Gyle Zamora.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Nakita ni Imok si Imak (Sa Sees Da). 			 Author: All Children Reading - Cambodia. 			 Illustrator: Sorn Srey Nuch.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org/ 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Mary Hyazinth Guanzon, Jose Edison C. Tondares, Linda Arnaez-Lee, Hazel May Altar, Kea Chiva





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





