Sin-o ang Manunudlo Ko sa Abre-Klase?


Salvacion C. Montenegro





"Tatay, maeskuwela run ako sa abre-klase?"

"Daad e. Kaso indi pa kita segurado kun san-o ang abre-klase hay may COVID-19. Ti, rugya lang ikaw anay maeskuwela sa balay."





"Sin-o bay ang manunudlo ko?"

"Ako siyempre, ukon puwede man si Nanay mo."





“Ano bay itudlo mo kanakun?”

“Duro. Tudluan ko ikaw magbasa, magsulat, kag mag-isip. Ma-drawing man kita.”





“Wara man kita ti blackboard. Diin bay kita masulat?”

“Duro man atun daragkul nga karton. Himuan ko ikaw.”





“Wara man kita ti blackboard. Diin bay kita masulat?”

“Duro man atun daragkul nga karton. Himuan ko ikaw.”





“Wara man kita ti chalk. Ano bay ipangsulat natun?”

“Wara it problema. Duro pa man ang uring natun, amo dya himuon natun nga chalk.”





“Ano himuon natun nga pangkolor?”

“May mga daan nga pangkolor si Manang mo. Puwede mo pa gamitun.”





“Daad mangin tatay run ako dayon.”

“Ha? Wanhaw gusto mo mangin tatay dayon?”





“Ti gusto ko mong mangin manunudlo. Manunudlo man gali ang tatay.”

“Hahaha! Abaw si Agot ko nga dya daw. Pinakadlaw mo man ako ba.”





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Editha Gipal, Jezreel Bantolo and Melchie Caduada, and field tested by Charito Train.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Sin-o ang Manunudlo Ko sa Abre-Klase? (Who Will Be My Teacher?). 			 Author: Salvacion C. Montenegro. 			 Illustrator: .

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: MC Junes Vitudio, rpdo Research





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 1

Page 2

Page 2

Page 3

Page 11

Page 13

Page 14

Page 17

Page 20

Page 23

Page 26

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





