Ano Ayhan?


Hari Kumar Nair




Hari Kumar Nair





Ako si Binggo, pulo ka tuig.

Maniwang ako pero maisug.

Kabudlay magbugtaw sa aga para mag-eskuwela.

Ginatuyo pa ako samtang nagabangon, daw sa matumba takun.





Nagatuyayo ako samtang nagapang-toothbrush.

Si Nanay nagadalidali raha kang pinirito.

Aga pa panumduman ko nagalagaw.

Kun ano-ano run lang ang akun ginapanumdum.





Ano ayhan kun liug ko

daw sawa ka labug?

Sa classroom dun ang akun ulo,

kahig ko sa akun pa nga kuwarto!





Ano ayhan kun tupung ako sa poste?

Ang akun eskuwelahan tagatuhod ko lang.





Ano ayhan kun butkun ko tama ka baskug?

Ang paghakwat kay Nanay bukun malisud!





Ano ayhan kun wara ako ti awut nga kadtun?

Dumduma lang bala kun ano ang akun ikan-un!





Ano ayhan kun ang buy-on ko nagbahul-bahul?

Ang mga amiga ukon amigo ko puwede gid mag-umpok!





Ano ayhan kun bahul kag malapad ang akun talinga?

Mabatian ko ang tanan, marayu man ukon marapit.





Ano ayhan...

Gintawag run ako ni Nanay.

“Maurihi run ikaw sa klase, nagalupad pa panumduman mo!”





Wara pa ako makatapos ka-toothbrush.

Kag nagyuhum ako kang madumduman

ko ang sikreto nga lugar sa akun imahinasyon.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Amy Fe Pagunsan, Francisco Misajon Jr. and Dream Rose Malayo, and field tested by Cherry Pie Peralta.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Ano Ayhan? (What If?). 			 Author: Hari Kumar Nair. 			 Illustrator: Hari Kumar Nair.

		 			 Published by Pratham Books, 			https://storyweaver.org.in/stories/880-what-if 			 © Pratham Books. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jose Edison C. Tondares





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 8

Page 9

Page 10

Page 11

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





