Nagamiguhay si Ayam kag si Kuti


TRẦN NGỌC TẢO




PHÙNG DUY TÙNG





Si Ayam kag si Kuti, imaway sa balay pero pirmi nagainaway.





“Indi ikaw maglahug hay basi makaros ko ikaw,” ingaw ni Kuti.

“Ukon basi makagat ko man ikaw,” ngurub ni Ayam.





Sa paglipas kang panahon, wara it bisan isara kananda nga magpailub.





Amo ria nga wara it gusto magsipal kananda.





Natak-an run sanda mag-away. Si Ayam kag si Kuti nagsugtanay nga magbugnuhanay run. Sa kadya, nagaturog si Kuti sa tupad ni Ayam, samtang nagayuhum nga ginasipalan ni Ayam ang bungut ni Kuti.





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project.

ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education (DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University.

This book was quality assured by Donald T. Genine, EPS-LRMS, Celestino S. Dalumpines IV, EPS-Filipino, and Schubert Anthony C. Sialongo, EPS-LRMS, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region VI - Western Visayas Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD).

This book was also evaluated by Editha Gipal, Jezreel Bantolo and Melchie Caduada and field tested by Karen Mae Juanich.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Nagamiguhay si Ayam kag si Kuti (Dog and Cat Made Friends). 			 Author: TRẦN NGỌC TẢO. 			 Illustrator: PHÙNG DUY TÙNG.

		 			 Published by Kim Dong Publishing House, 			https://www.nxbkimdong.com.vn/ 			 © Kim Dong Publishing House. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Jose Edison Tondares





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 7

Page 9

Page 11

Page 12

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





