Pagtirig


Komar Rien Komar Cheh




Khiev Sothina





A baso nagtitirig.

A bote nagtitirig man.





A tinidor, diri nagtitirig.





A bola sa football nagtitirig. Nagtitirig man a bola sa Sepak Takraw.





A raketa, diri nakatitirig.





A bunga sa lansones, nakatitirig. Nakatitirig man a bunga sa atis.





Diri nakatitirig a batag.





Nakatitirig a tubo.

A balde nakatitirig man.





Diri nakatitirig a sammud.





Nakatitirig a kamatis.

Nakatitirig man a labanos.





Diri kayang makatirig ka luyang yellow.





Umaabot a panawon, na makatitirig man kita.





Gusto man namong magtirig.





. .





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Salvacion Magistrado & Franlie Ramos-Corporal, Sheila Loria, Marlene Laya, and Estefanie Delloro, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education

Region V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Salve Colocar.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Pagtirig (Rolling). 			 Author: Komar Rien Komar Cheh. 			 Illustrator: Khiev Sothina.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Michael William Ronco, Herminia Vasquez, Janessa Martinez





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 2

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 6

Page 7

Page 16

Page 18

Page 20

Page 22

Page 24

Page 26

Page 28

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





