Tamtam


Amrin Pisey




May Sak





A ina ni Tamtam pirmi iyang pagpara-sabiyan kin uno dapat gibuwon. Sabi niya, arog iya kan ta payaba iya niya alagad si Tamtam iniisip na gusto sana ni ina niya na papunduwon iya sa pinagkakamuyaan niya





Usad na aldow, si Tamtam nag-galin ku diri si ina niya nakasilong.

Diri iya makaulat na gibowon a gusto niya.





Ku una, si Tamtam namuya sa igo.

Pero ku nauban, napagal iya ag nag-alop.





Bago man iya mapunaw sa kaalopan, si Tamtam nakabayad sa maisan!

Pwede iyang magkaon hanggang sa gusto niya ag uda makapupugol kanya.





Si Tamtam nagkaon anggan sa magkulog su buros niya.

Nagbura iya sa kulog, mawot niyang dapat nag-irungog iya ki ina niya.





Naisip ni Tamtam su ina niya ag kin pauno iya nasasakitan sa padagos na pag-asikaso niya sa pamilya.





Pagkatapos naggalin na su mga bear, si Tamtam nagpadagos sa agi niya. Kakuwa, biglang nag-uran! Gusto ni Tamtam na magpara-ngayamon sa uran ag uda si ina niya para pugulan iya!





Pero diri nag-uban, inagnow si Tamtam. Nagpuon iyang mag-atsing.





Pagal, inaagnow ag nakakalintura, si Tamtam nakaturog mananggad sadto irarom ku kawoy.





Kinaudmaan, nasisibot si Tamtan na ipabayad ki mama niya king gauno niya nagustuwan a likod niya.





Sinuportaran ka SMART





This book was adapted as part of the ABC+: Advancing Basic Education in the Philippines project. ABC+ is a partnership of USAID and the Department of Education

(DepEd), implemented by RTI International together with The Asia Foundation, SIL LEAD, and Florida State University. This book was quality assured by Belen Pili, Riema Yocampo, Joselito Baracena, Sofia Baile, Eugene Brisenio, and Salvador Pelingon, and was approved for publishing by the Department of Education Region

V - Bicol Learning Resource Management Section (LRMS) of the Curriculum and Learning Management Division (CLMD). The book was field tested by Bernadette Estadilla.





	 		Brought to you by



		Let's Read is an initiative of The Asia Foundation's Books for Asia program that fosters young readers in Asia and the Pacific.

			booksforasia.org

		 			To read more books like this and get further information, visit

			www.letsreadasia.org



	 		Original Story

			Tamtam. 			 Author: Amrin Pisey. 			 Illustrator: May Sak. 			 Editor: Ouch Sodany.

		 			 Published by The Asia Foundation - Let's Read, 			https://www.letsreadasia.org 			 © The Asia Foundation - Let's Read. 			Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.

		 			This work is a modified version of the original story. @The Asia Foundation – Let’s Read, 2021. Some rights reserved. Released under CC-BY-NC-4.0.



		 			For full terms of use and attribution, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

		 			Contributing translators: Rica Mae V. Llaga, Kent Patrick De Lima





Table of Contents


Page 1

Page 3

Page 4

Page 5

Page 19

Page 28

Page 31

Page 34

Page 40

Page 46

Page 47

Page 50

Copyright





Guide


Cover

Start of Story





